Have you been told you cant get high speed internet where you live?
Well you can with Hughes Net Gen5.
Experience the power of next generation satellite internet wherever you live.
Hughes Net Gen5 is fast youll get 25 Mbps plus builtin wifi and theres no hard data limits.
So wherever you live now you can do more of everything you love online.
Connect on social media.
No wonder Hughes Net is Americas number one choice for satellite internet.
Announcer Act now to save big with our limited time offer.
Get free standard installation by calling right now.
So what are you waiting for?
Announcer To order call 18007485218.
Be sure to ask about our home phone service too.
And welcome back to this very special night at St.Anselm College in Manchester New Hampshire.
Im Anderson Cooper.
We are just getting started with our CNN Democratic presidential town hall event.
In the last hour you heard from Senator Amy Klobuchar.
And later tonight youll see town halls with Senators Bernie Sanders and Kamala Harris and Mayor Pete Buttigieg.
Now to pull this event off tonight CNN has partnered with Harvard Universitys Institute of Politics which has just released its youth poll examining the political opinions of young Americans.
And also with the New Hampshire Institute of Politics right here at Saint Anselm College.
Throughout the night the candidates will take questions from these young college students and young adults who are in the auditorium who say they plan to vote in their states Democratic primaries and caucuses.
So please welcome to the stage Senator Elizabeth Warren.
Hi.
Hi its good to see you.
You want to have a seat?
Are we going to do students?
Lets go right to it.
In that case I want closer.
Have to keep an eye on the ones in the back oaky.
I want to start with your big announcement today about college affordability.
Obviously it could impact a lot of students here.
For that I want to bring in Dena Miller from Massachusetts.
Shes a junior at St.Anselm College studying history Dena.
Hi Senator.
I like so many other students had to take out loans to pay for my education that I will be paying off for years.
What is your plan to deal with student debt and the rising cost of education?
Okay thanks for the question Dena.
You know this is the America we live in now.
Basically to get a shot at a middle class life youve got to have some post high school technical training twoyear college fouryear college maybe graduate school depending on who you are and what youre ending up doing.
The position of the federal government has been good luck to you youre on your own.
The one thing theyve done is theyve lent tens of thousands hundreds of thousands millions billions of dollars to our students.
And it is now crushing them.
So my proposal is to say this isnt right.
What we have to do as a country is roll back that debt.
And so I have two parts to the proposal.
Part one is that we say that were going to roll back student loan debt for about 95 of students who have debt.
Thats part one.
And part two is to make sure that we never get in this mess again on student loan debt and that is to make college universally available with free tuition and fees and to put more money into Pell grants so that students of color so that our poorest students have real access to college and that we put real money into our historically black colleges and universities.
And can we talk about how to pay for it?
I was just about to ask for it.
Well that is the criticism obviously from Republicans who say how youre going to pay for it and even from centrist Democrats who say doesnt this feed the narrative that Democrats want to give everything away for free.
So lets remember where this all started.
I started several months ago about a wealth tax an ultra millionaires tax.
Its 2 cents on every dollar of the great fortunes above 50 million.
So your 50 millionth and first dollar youve got to pay 2 cents and 2 cents on all of the dollars after that.
And heres the stunning part.
If we ask the great fortunes in this country understand this isnt about trying to be nasty or say youve done anything wrong what its about is saying look you had a great idea.
You got out there.
You worked hard or you inherited well whichever one it was.
But now that youve got that great fortune spend just a minute to remember how you got it.
You built that great business or your ancestors did using workers that all of us helped pay to educate.
You got your goods to market using roads and bridges that all of us helped pay to build.
You are protected in your factories with firefighters and police officers that all of us helped to pay.
And we say good for you that you have now gotten this great fortune but 2 cents.
Youve got to pay something back so everybody else gets a chance.
And heres how the money works out.
If we put that 2 cent wealth tax in place on the 75000 largest fortunes in this country 2 cents we can do universal child care for every baby zero to five universal preK universal college and knock back the student loan debt burden for 95 of our students and still have nearly a trillion dollars left over.
Yeah.
I want you to this is actually kind of related.
Hi Meghan.
Shes a graduate you got to listen to this shes a graduate student at Harvard and MIT.
Shes also a contributor at Forbes where she covers women running high impact organizations in Africa.
You make me feel like a shlub I mean.
What do you do in your spare time Meghan?
Its good to see you.
Thank you for being here.
So Amazons monopoly means that I can buy generic goods and brand names from my phone and receive them on my doorstep without a delivery fee within 24 hours.
How is breaking up big tech good for me?
Okay good question Meghan.
So heres what we want to remember about Amazon about Google about Apple about a lot of these giant tech companies.
They actually run two businesses.
So one is the platform.
Thats the place where people come to buy and sell goods.
Thats where you go to get whatever it is you know you can compare 48 printers and get it all delivered in less than 24 hours.
Got it.
Cool.
Thats the platform.
Just so you get an idea of the scale here for Amazon Walmart does about 9 of all retail sales in America.
If you want to sell online Amazon is doing about 49 of all retail sales that are happening in America.
So that is the marketplace.
So Amazon runs the marketplace.
Im cool with that.
But Amazon does a second thing and that is they collect information on every buyer and seller who comes through.
Every time you go to buy something they get your information and they aggregate it with the other information they had about you.
Every time you come to sell something they get information.
And then they see that whoa over there it looks like pet pillows is starting to make a big profit.
Huh says Amazon.
I know what lets do.
And the consequence is that Amazon because of its superior information can come in and knock out all of the competition.
Now this is a real thing Meghan thats happening.
And heres what we know as a consequence of this is that the area around these giants are referred to by venture capitalists investors as the dead zone because it means you try to start up a business you just run the risk that Amazon steps in front of you or Google steps in front of you or they buy you out before you have a chance to get started.
Look heres how I see it.
You can run the platform that is you can be the umpire in the baseball game and you can run an honest platform or you can be a player that is you can have a business or you can have a team in the game but you dont get to be the umpire and have a team in the game.
If we break off the platform from the parts that are competing what youll see in America is a platform that works really well.
Its a very profitable business but youll see a lot more competition where little businesses have a chance to get going where when youve got a good idea you can build that good idea into something where theres really a chance for everybody to get in and compete.
So thats the reason I want to see the two of them broken apart.
Do you order stuff from Amazon?
Sure.
You do?
What was the last thing you ordered do you know?
A mailbox.
Okay.
What did they put the mailbox in when they deliver it?
It comes in a box.
It was a box of mailbox.
We have another question now.
This is Seth Filo from Arizona.
Hes a freshman at Harvard a supporter of Mayor Buttigieg.
Yet in 2016 you came out in support of the legalization of marijuana nationwide.
What are your honest views on the legalization of marijuana and marijuana legislation?
So actually I supported Massachusetts changing its laws on marijuana.
Massachusetts had decriminalized at that point and I thought it made a lot more sense for Massachusetts to go ahead and legalize marijuana and I now support the legalization of marijuana.
And let me tell you at least a couple of reasons why.
The first one is its just a plain old science reason.
It makes no darn sense that right now in America we treat marijuana as a schedule 1 drug which means in effect the federal government has determined in advance that it has no medicinal use that it cant have any good effects no research is supposed to be done.
It makes it very hard to do research on it.
We should be looking into it.
But the second reason is because of the racial impact of the enforcement of marijuana laws.
You know right now in this country the best evidence suggests that AfricanAmericans and whites use marijuana at about the same rates and yet AfricanAmericans are far more likely to be arrested for marijuana use than whites are.
So every time we start to talk about criminal justice reform for example I think a good place to start is with the things we make illegal and one of the best places we could start is by legalizing marijuana.
I want you to meet Jackson Dwyer hes from Massachusetts.
Hes a senior at St.Anselm College.
Hi Jackson.
You have often been a vocal critic of police and the criminal justice system both the state and the federal levels.
And we have to address this head on.
So let me just give you some basic information about whats happening right now in our criminal justice system.
Study after study after study shows us that AfricanAmericans compared with whites are more likely to be for exactly the same crimes theyre more likely to be arrested theyre more likely to be arraigned they are more likely to be taken to trial.
They are more likely to be wrongfully convicted and they are more likely to receive harsher sentences.
That is a criminal justice system that is not only locking up too many people it is a criminal justice system that has a problem of race right at the heart of it and we need to call it out for what it is.
So let me just go through a couple of the parts directly to your question.
I said on the first part one way we can help fix this system is take a look at what it is we make illegal.
How about the next part in the judicial system?
We need to make sure that everybody is entitled and gets good legal representation.
Throughout the system we want to make sure the right people are incarcerated and not the wrong people because they couldnt afford to hire a lawyer.
Justice is not just for those who are rich justice is for everyone and the only way were gonna get that in America is if were able to put the resources into it.
Third part of this is we should get rid of forprofit private prisons.
It is an outrage in America.
Fourth is that when people leave the prison system they need to be reintegrated into their communities.
They need to be able to have a chance to get a job to be able to find decent housing and they need to be able to participate in the political process.
And that means they need the right to vote to be reinstated.
They are American citizens.
And one more you talk about safety for our police officers and you are right.
This is a very serious issue.
One of the main ways that we could help make our police safer is to get serious about gun safety in this country.
You mentioned Sergeant Gannons tragic death in Massachusetts.
I wrote an oped with his parents about asking for our leaders across this country to step up and pass some sensible gun safety laws.
We need to take weapons of war off our city streets.
Right now we live in America where seven children and teenagers will die every single day where the lives of officers are put at risk.
We need as a country to step up to be more responsible to be willing to push back against the NRA and to put some sensible gun safety laws in place.
I think that will be the best that we can do.
Thank you.
Thank you for your question.
Anderson This is Ellie Taylor.
Shes from Wisconsin.
Shes a student at Harvard and shes a freshman.
Hi Ellie.
But some have voiced concerns about you getting Hillaried in the election meaning that you get held to a higher standard than your opponent for potentially arbitrary or may be even sexist reasons.
So this isnt as much of a policybased question.
I never thought I was going to be in elected politics.
So I start getting these phone calls from people and they say Elizabeth you should run against him for the Senate seat.
You should do it.
Go ahead.
