I think theyre going to continue to raise and beat in the restaurant sector per my Analyst Lin Collier at Luke Capital were going with it.
I think were going to get a lot of different reads about the staples and the discretionary side with unemployment at multidecade lows wages growing.
Good weekend good holiday as well.
Pinning and conferencing Zoom and Pinterest hitting the market to a lot of investor fanfare but could they suffer ultimately the same fate as Lyft shareholders?
Plus a fold fail a cannabis consolidation a recyclable shoe you heard that right and a new legal smoking age.
Its a big league show with lots to do but as we always do lets start with Your Money.
Almost 100 points and stable right now for the most part Sulli.
If you take a look at the markets overall nixed only because the NASDAQ is lagging off by about 110th of 1.
Still though the SP up by about three points and the DOW Industrials just about 100 points to the upside.
The iShares Dow Jones Transportation ETF which tracks the Dow Transports right now the highest levels that weve seen going all the way back to December third so Transports a big part of that story.
Union Pacific earnings better than expected thats driving the trade there and if youre looking for one of the stocks of the day thats not Zoom thats not Pinterest check out Blackstone.
A lot more investors could come in the mix and they raised a lot of money Brian for their funds last year back over to you.
All right so and the markets that Dom just walked you through have two new members to welcome into the fold today.
Just adding to the list of names including some very undertheradar ones.
Price talk was 15 to 17 they priced it at 19 but wait a minute it opened at 23.75 and take a look at it in intraday trading here on very heavy volume here theyre gonna trade the whole float today.
This is very rare to see something that essentially opens twice as high as anybody thought it would a week ago and you see a trading right here at 63 just off that number.
Its got 100 growth and those are the two magic words that weve got.
It is perhaps more heavily redacted than many had thought or hoped but at 400 or so pages long our team is still pouring through it.
Inside the document were finding some of the areas of concern for Robert Mueller particularly around the area of potential obstruction of justice and the Presidents public statements his tweets even about some of the people involved in this whole situation those were red flags from Robert Mueller in certain circumstances.
All right so when we get Eamon back up were gonna come back and talk more about that certainly here.
Lets talk more about what this all means for Washington the markets and policy going forward.
Lets bring in Libby Cantrell Head of Public Policy at PIMCO.
We need to investigate further.
Where do you see policy making infrastructure anything else going forward?
Yeah I mean I think this is hitting through a partisan lens.
I mean to your point Republicans are sort of claiming vindication here that there is no collusion and Democrats may walk through the door that the Mueller report opened in terms of investigating further whether there is actually obstruction of justice.
I think youll hear louder calls for even then maybe the beginnings of impeachment hearings for the President among the progressive left.
There was not much moving legislatively anyway but the big things that President Trump does want to move legislatively one is is the NAFTA replacement the USMCA NAFTA 2.0.
And that might be harder to move now with a more kind of fractured relationshipDo you believe that Ron to Libbys point that this report will in some ways infect what should be bipartisan or nonpartisan purely economic negotiations?
Yeah I dont think theres any escaping maybe the overhang that Libby alluded to which is that within the obstruction of justice component of this report Bob Mueller effectively punted to Congress and suggested in the absence of his being able to do anything under the Office of Legal Counsel which says you cannot indict a sitting President.
Well I think thats because Barrs letter was such a brief summary of this and the report today gives us a lot more detail as Eamon was saying before somebody pulled the plug that a lot of detail about the potential obstruction that the President had engaged in orders to Don McGahn then the White House Counsel to direct Rod Rosenstein to fire Robert Mueller.
I believe that the way the administration through Bill Barr in the initial release of the letter and then todays press conference in which he seemed to be spinning for the President trying to blunt the impact of the report I think thats going to make it more difficult for Speaker Pelosi to resist those in her caucus who insist on an impeachment proceeding to weigh this in a way that they think is searching and fair.
Somebody pulled the plug but not on him literally.
So EamonTheres no censorship here.
You know the Speakers chamber and talking about this with Sarah Sanders and and one wonders how much more of any dialogue that we have is simply going to be about the report from now on?
Youre gonna see the President leaving here shortly this afternoon a couple of hours and reporters will ask him questions.
I expect he will talk.
He has a lot he wants to say about this so I expect were gonna get lengthy comments from the President today.
Its possible that theyre just gonna let this sit and retreat to the headline conclusion of no collusion no obstruction and on some of the smaller things just let all those go.
Apparently in her interview with the special counsels team she admitted that you know that didnt have any basis in fact and it was either a slip of the tongue or she just kind of said it at the time and didnt really base it on any actual factual basis.
Theyre content with the win here and they feel like theyve had a big positive political day.
Yeah and Brian Im not sure how much of a win there is.
Not rising to the level of criminality which Robert Mueller suggested but from a market perspective this may as Amy just alluded in many ways turn neutral insofar as were seeing a resynchronization of lets say Chinese and American economic growth.
So if indeed todays retail sales number were any indication of where were going from here then the market may just return its attention to fundamentals and maybe ignore someRon dang you for bringing right back down the CNBC lane because that was perfect and I want to talk about that.
Its amazing the retail sales number better than expected.
Its amazing that this is getting all the headlines and if you just focused on this youd think this is the only thing happening but outside of this America rolls on and the economy rolls on and the President will have a strong economy most likely behind him in that reelection.
And the markets are not focused on this right now this is something were talking about with per clients and talking at PIMCO go about and thats because if Congress doesnt step it and keep spending levels at the rate that they are now come January 1st of 2020 we could see a half a percent headwind to economic growth because of this big drive down in spending now.
I think we all Washington folks are you know understand that Congress is expedient.
Theyre going to want not want to do that going into itWell they may want to do that.
John Harwood John Harwood.
In theory the administration wants an infrastructure plan but Republican leaders in Congress dont and the kind of plan the administration wants is not what Democrats want so other than the USMCA which is significant there isnt much that congress might do in the absence of this Mueller report so I think thats important andJohn let me ask you let me ask you Libbys point if I can because were running out of time.
I dont think Democrats approach these issues differently from Republicans and while theyll fight for their policy priorities I dont think that a Nancy Pelosi led House would engage in the degree of brinkmanship that weve seen in the recent past.
535 men and women fighting while 310 million others may suffer.
Heres what else is coming up.
Well talk earnings the progress on its big merger and the outlook for the economy.
Investors pinned their hopes on Pinterest and Zoom zooms higher.
Should you get in?
And could 21 soon be the new 18 when it comes to tobacco?
Well explain.
Girl I love my grandma.
Announcer As you grow older your brain naturally begins to change which may cause trouble with recall.
Man Dads got all the answers.
Girl She outsmarts meet every single time.
You want to play again?
Announcer Prevagen healthier brain better life.
Announcer CNBC anywhere anytime on any screen with Xfinity X1 and on the go with the Xfinity stream.
Theyre too expensive.
Timeshares are the only thing that you can buy that you dont know how much its going to cost or when its going to end.
If you bought a timeshare for your family by now youve learned the ugly truth.
Its like giving them a blank check for annual maintenance and assessment fees.
Even when you die your family will be stuck with this burden.
With so much talk about the possibility of an economic slowdown its important to look beyond just the government data.
Well glad to be back.
How is BBT seeing loan demand?
You know on the street doesnt match up with a lot of the kind of national rhetoric that you hear.
But if its just a lot of general conversation you know theyll talk about it it might cause them some uneasiness but when they go right back to the office theyll focus on running their business.
Who says our bank isnt tech enough?
Everybody look at your phones.
The design thinking digital engineering security block chain and we will be first to market!
Yes.
When do we launch?
Unfortunately in two or three...
Man Why the delay?
Pinterest and Zoom may be getting all the headline love today but they are not the only names that you need to know about.
And Travelers is taking a journey higher today leading the DOW.
She had some harsh words about Barrs news conference this morning.
The Attorney General of the United States is supposed to represent the people of the United States.
The bus was lying on its side was part of its roof torn off.
Pinterest pricing above the high end of the range at 19 a share and opened up 25.
That sounds good until you hear this.
CEO Ben Silbermann telling Squawk Alley the company is more about utility for people to get things done and less of a place to talk or for friends or to follow celebrities.
For more lets bring in Doug Clinton Managing Director at Loop Ventures as well as our own Leslie Picker.
Are you surprised?
A 25 pop.
Either the bankers screwed up in pricing it or people really liked Pinterest.
People do like it and to your point its a discovery platform.
So I think the good thing about Pinterest is its a great business.
They have this unique data asset where people tell Pinterest how they see the world in pictures how they categorize the world.
The problem is companies like Facebook Twitter Snapchat the companies that will be comped on Pinterest are trading six to eight times next years revenue.
That said do you think there was a strategic reason why the CEO of Pinterest kept saying were not social media because he didnt kind of want that stain.
Two bad words combined into one.
I think you look at Facebook and Twitter and sort of whats happened with them and public sentiment around especially privacy on Facebook but also the the conversation just politically.
Besides you by the way is that if a stock falls 25 everyone screams Wall Street really screwed that up.
So what that means essentially is if you do see a 25 pop that is a loss of capital that is money left on the table that Pinterest could have otherwise used to reinvest in their business.
You want investors who are kind of gonna stick around for the long run through that six month lockup period which expires in about 180 days.
All right lets move on now to Zoom Video because if you thought Pinterest was doing well and by the way it is.
Deirdre okay Zoom getting a lot of love but it also faces a lot of competition.
Ciscos WebEx which Eric Yuan actually works for and then Zoom seemingly comes out of nowhere and sort of takes this field and is the leader and known to be easier to use and part of the reason for that is because it started in the cloud.
Some of the other competitors and big names in this space started on antiquated conference call or chat software so thats been one of its big successes and I think that also speaks to the argument and some of its risk factors.
Eric Yuan has built a company that was just more simple and easier to use.
You can understand how it may be continuing to use these strengths to expand into different verticals like telehealth and education.
Guys great discussion thank you very much.
Could big changes be coming to the tobacco world?
Plus a recyclable sneaker and a fold fail.
Its all ahead in Rapid Fire.
At a Ameriprise we see you as more than a client.
If they saw you on the street would your adviser recognize you?
Narrator How well does your financial adviser know you?
Giving you the freedom to live financially confident because to us youre more than just another face in the crowd.
They offer personalized advice to help you prepare for whats expected and even whats not.
Thats why our advisers care about whats important to you.
With the right financial adviser life can be brilliant.
I didnt know they had a singlegame fantasy.
One out to go.
Announcer Moreways in win looking to make something here.
Exactly.
Sounds like a case of analysis paralysis.
Is there a cure?
TD Ameritrade trade desk.
They can help gut check your strategies and answer all your toughest questions.
Sounds perfect.
See your stress level was here and I got you down to here Ive done my job.
Announcer Call for a strategy gut check with TD Ameritrade.
