Announcer Its LIVE with Kelly and Ryan.
Today we catch up with Kate Hudson and Mr.Worldwide Pitbull.
Plus straight from the big screen actor Winston Duke.
Here are Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest.
And now...
Good Morning.
I like that one.
Electricity right?
A little Dua Lipa there and the gang.
Hey it is Wednesday July 3rd 2019.
It is my dads birthday today!
Happy birthday Joe Ripa.
Its a big one.
Im not gonna blow up your age.
Does he have a traditional celebration?
Well you know every year he likes to say that they do fireworks and they have a big cookout.
You know that was for me.
That was for me that whole thing up in the sky.
Well my greatest memory of your father is he and I laying on a chaise lounge in The Bahamas together with him giving me life advice and guidance and asking if I wanted representation by him to negotiate my next deal.
He was gonna be my union member.
It was the sweet stammersGelman He was trying to unionize you.
He was telling us that we needed to unionize.
And I said We are in a union Dad.
Believe it or not we are in a union.
I felt like he accepted me in that moment.
He really did.
The two of you wereRight.
laughs I have pictures of that and theyre some of my favorite memories.
The two of you It wasBecause you take on my dads personality when you talk to my dad.
I became stern.
Yeah.
I became...My voice got deeper.
I find when I talk to athletes too I do the same thing.
Right.
Like I So how was the game?
And you always say to my dad Joe Ripa.
Yeah its like you puff up and then you call him both namesJoe Ripa.
Which most people do.
Most people call me both names.
Kelly Ripa.
Yeah well its like one.
I mean come on Kelly Ripa.
Theres Kelly Ripa.
Kelly Ripa through the park.
But I mean before this show Im going back to high school.
I was both names.
Listen if youreYoure making me more of a sound than...laughs laughs Well happy Fourth of July Keripa.
Thank you.
I was reading this about you know thank you for tuning in in the morning.
I dont know what your morning routines are your morning habits are but theres a whole article on surprising morning habits that can give you more anxiety.
And just by reading it I got more anxiety.
Right of course.
You saying the word anxiety Gives youGave me anxiety.
Cortisols releasing right now isnt it?
Right now yeah.
Is cortisol releasing into your system?
Well let it out.
Thats why I stopped wearing pants with a zipper.
Yeah cant do it.
Thats the reason.
I cant do it.
I cant work in live TV and have a waistband.
No waist anymore.
Im like forget it.
The cortisol spikes its not gonna affect me Well listenCause my dress is just gonna widen.
Do you jumpThey say its bad for you to jump right outta bed.
Like to get right outta bed is bad.
It causes a spike in all of that.
Or do you lay there for I lay there and moan for a minute.
I usually set snooze.
I do one snooze butI find it to be painful.
The snooze?
Cause I know its coming and I cant you know its like that anxiety?
But see that gives me anxiety knowing its coming.
I just burped and that gave me anxiety.
By the way...Can I say that garlic smells great.
Oh no its not.
Its not garlic.
No I know.
laughs I know its not garlic.
Gives you anxiety so quit.
Wait that gives you anxiety?
Knowing you haveAt the start of your day at the start of this is all at the beginning of the day.
Oh theyre saying dont do it at the start of the day.
Yeah dont do it at the beginning of the day.
Dont look at your work email the second you get outta bed.
Dont look at your todo list.
Dont skip breakfast.
I mean I do all of that.
I do everyBut you get to wear a dress and its all fine.
Well I mean they make it look fine Theres no waist band.
I liken myself to a Westminster show dog.
But on the inside its like is this done yet?
Can we just...Can you please put me back in my cage?
I dont wanna stand before the judges right now.
I do find looking at the phone I try not to do it first thing.
I have to look at it because usually hes either texted me or youve texted me over some thing thats happened in the middle of the night.
Some inane thing.
Yeah some thing that has happened.
So I have to check it first thing in the morning.
You know its not just my dads birthday today okay?
I want you to know its also another national holiday.
What is that?
A special day.
And I believe it could become an international holiday if we get it trending here.
It is National Compliment Your Mirror Day.
Gelman Oh my goodness!
Yes.
Lady in the front rows like no it is not.
Oh yes it is.
You wanna know how it works?
Watch this.
Okay.
Kay you hold this.
Im not complimenting a picture of me.
You hold it.
Gelman you wanna do it too?
And Ill read?
Sure I can do it yeah.
You stand next to Ryan.
Oh I know!
Trust me I know.
Yeah yeah.
Heres what you do everybody.
Stand in front of your mirror Oh God.
Thats the key.
Close your eyes.
Turns the lights off.
No.
Now what I find...People do in the gym is they take their phone Yeah.
Wait until after a class to ask the instructor for the selfie.
Yeah well guess what?
Because that is a stammers the floor this is gonna sound like a shock to all the millennials the floor is for a walking.
Im feeling very positive.
I have to tell you I actuallyMake sure you compliment your mirror for displaying the beautiful person...Oh God.
Thank you mirror!
What a great mirror you are!
Gag gag gag.
Youre my favorite mirror.
Youre a good mirror.
Okay Gelman.
All right goodbye.
Thank you Gelman.
I was reading this article about smartphones at the gym.
I guess if you go to the gym and work out the gyms want you to post that youre working out at the gym.
Well especially your gym where all the models go.
Im like oh theres Ryan at his gym again.
Hey look its the only gym that has enough weight for me.
Yeah I have the little pink ones you hold.
They make sounds.
Yeah they make shaker sounds.
To some Daddy Yankee music.
