
 Woman Pressure.
 I cried my first time. Narrator Get live TV only 15 bucks your fist month at slingtv.com. Excuse me.
 Yeah. Uh yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah.
 You know how were stuck in a tiny apartment? Yeah cause our credits bad. childs voice The red is more gooder to me cause it tastes like berries. childs voice Theyre really squishy. We dont know what to make of this. Were a little befuddled. So the first thing we found we searched his number bingo. So this was kind of aGood. Surprise. And he also has a Twitter. The first one was this. A PlentyOfFish account thats up I dont know how or when it was last active.
 Well I heard credit karma could show us ways to improve it for free.
 Could that help us get a house? Yes. Nice.
 Ill be in my office. Yeah Ill be in mine.
 Narrator Take the first step to better credit download the free credit karma app now. Narrator These women love the scents in this groundbreaking art exhibit. It smells amazing. Luxurious.
 Narrator But what are they smelling?
 Woman At Exhibit Wait its Suave? Woman With Glasses  Its body wash.No its not.
 Woman At Exhibit I cant believe this is Suave. Can I take this home laughing? Narrator Suave Body Wash fragrances as beautiful as Bath  Body Works.
 Narrator Dave  Busters introduces all you can play for 8. Sunday through Thursday when you buy the new Craveable Combos. Music Kids and grownups love it so Music Music The happy world of Haribo Music Max All right were back. Number for five years comes back to a Matt This never happens. This would have been the Matt that you sort of started talking to. We actually got a bunch of hits.
 Unlimited video games for 8 bucks more. Unlimited video games for 8 bucks with our Craveable Combos. Only at Dave  Busters more fun. childs voice Lets talk about Haribo Goldbears. Hes in Florida where he says he lives. For a guy who lives in Kissimmee. 21 years old.
 childs voice And then mine gonna flied into my mouth. Okay so heres where we started. Look what we got. Then theres some pictures back from 2012 that look like theyre of him. Then we looked up his URL.
 Nev So yesterday we did some research.
 This is. Six foot two. Theres also this photo.
 It could be him.
 Im not sure if I should even make a comment.
 Im not sure what to say.
 Whats are you upset?
 I cant tell. Do you mind if I take a second?
 Sure.
 Take as much time as you need. Nev Take as much time as you need. As far as you know is he currently dating someone? She wasnt sure. But she did say she thought he had a girlfriend right now. But we talked to Nick his brother. Nick said that Matt is not in a relationship right now. Music Who am I Music Music Who am I to me Music Music If all I see Music Music All see is you Music Music What am I Music Music What am I to do Music Wait whats wrong? Music If you love me too Music You okay? If hes real why is he hiding? Music Or is it you Music Music We go big we go bold Music Music Go bold Music Woohoo! Narrator Critics everywhere are in love with SpiderMan Far From Home. Its a Giant sized megamovie. Youre a superhero. Its kind of obvious. Narrator SpiderMan is flying higher than ever. This has always been the plan. Narrator Holland and Zendaya are charming together. Who else did you tell? Narrator SpiderMan Far From Home. That was great! Narrator Red Bull gives you wings. Im Blue and Im an ironworker. Work is really rewarding and brutal on my skin. As a woman ironworker I feel like I could do anything. But you dont have insurance coverage you let it lapse. Dont worry weve got coverage for you. Oh you guys are talking about car insurance. Go to The General and save some time! Kids Im a big kid now! Music Im a big kid now Music Music Went from baby bottles Music Music To drinkin from sippy cups Music Music Went from wearin diapers Music Music To rockin these rad pullups Music Music Were 50 million strong Music Music So put on your pullups Music Music And help us sing this song Music Narrator New size fits smaller trainers. Narrator Dave  Busters introduces all you can play for 8. Unlimited video games for 8 bucks more. Sunday through Thursday when you buy the new Craveable Combos. Unlimited video games for 8 bucks with our Craveable Combos. Only at Dave  Busters. More fun. Narrator The Schick Hydro Silk TrimStyle. The tool youve been waiting for. The only waterproof bikini trimmer and hydrating razor in one. Schick Hydro Silk TrimStyle. Free your skin. Music They say were too grown for fun Music Music We say playfuls never done Music Music Dont fight the feelin Music Music Just let it flow Music Music Stackin the bracket Music Music Dont let it go Music Music Ive got a secret Music Music The world should know Music Music Lets stay playful Oreo Music Narrator When you carryout large threetopping pizzas for 7.99 Dominoes carryout insurance has you covered. Cause stuff happens. Stuff like this. Ah! Narrator Just bring it back and well remake it for free. Nev Heres what we know. Matt is a goodlooking young guy from Florida who did live in California. The only concern we have now is why havent you videochatted. Why hasnt he sent you Snapchats of his face? If he is real whats he not telling you? Whatre we missing? Just kinda wanna get off the floor laughs. Max Sure. So here was are. Weve got some questions that were trying to answer. If you definitely wanna meet him then we have to decide that right now and figure out what that means and how we wanna make that happen. Max What do you think of him? Um well hes not ugly. How do you feel? Nervous. Matt Hello? Yo is this Matt? Matt Yes. Hey how you doing? My name is Nev from that show Catfish. Were out here in Sacramento with Kim and we were wondering if you wanted to meet up with her. Matt But why would she call the show? She didnt actually write in to us her friend Joe wrote in and was concerned that maybe you werent who you said you were. I think after five years itd be great for both of you just to meet up and see what happens and kind of move forward. Matt But its not that easy. You know theres a lot theres a lot of factors in life.
 Nev You all right? Mmmhmm. Nev What was uh? I just got really warm and just overwhelmed. Nev But like good excited warm overwhelmed? Um yeah. Nev Well thats good. Like this turned out to go better than I thought. So Im completely speechless. I hope that its him. I mean. Thats okay. Nev But yeah I mean it is exciting. Its cool. I mean the guy seems legit. Max Good? Shes got like a little overwhelmed because I think she figured that this was gonna end up being like a huge embarrassing disaster. Anyway. Looks like this guy is in Florida. Hes the right age. Just to be sure we went through his Facebook posts and we saw that there was one girl who seemed to be like a good friend of his. So we reached out this girl Crystal. Crystal does know him. She confirmed everything that we assumed we knew about him. She also said she thought he had a girlfriend right now. Nev I mean at this point we dont know what to believe. She knows I told her. He didnt tell me I figured it out. Narrator Its the best superhero movie of the year including Endgame. Ah that was so cool I was so nervous. Narrator Now playing. Rated PG13. But knowing how I earned all that dirt is pretty empowering. When I get home the first thing I have to do is use the Dove Beauty Bar to get rid of all the junk. It helps me retain my natural beauty by making it soft and nourished and clean. And then on the weekend I get to dress up. I could conquer the world. I feel both strong and beautiful at the same time. Narrator Dove cleans and cares beautifully. This is what coverage looks like. This is what coverage feels like. I definitely wanna meet him but Im terrified of heights and Im terrified of planes so unless theres a different way to get there I cant. Max We can work with that. Why dont we see if hell come here. Im gonna call this guy. Okay. Ooh I gotta show her this photo I forgot. I forgot after we hung up with Crystal she texted us a picture of them together. Like a recent photo. So that there he is. I think hes stunning to be honest. Just very handsome. laughs Oh my god! All right Im gonna go call him. I actually spoke to your brother earlier. I just got a lot going on. My brother got out of surgery. I just started a new job.
 Mmhmm. Max Regroup?