Welcome to Daily Blast Live.
It is Tuesday May 7th we are live and were talking about what youre talking about right now.
Im here with Tory Jeff Al and I am Sam.
Well it is defined as the love of the unnatural of artifice and exaggeration basically everything that is fabulous ironic or extra.
The theme was camp notes of fashion and everyone was expected to pull out all the stops but hold up what is camp?
So lets get to the fashion and the title this year for the most lit definitely goes to Katy Perry whether ya hate it or ya like it she definitely is having people talking.
Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx made their public debut as a couple last night.
It appeared to be dripping wet thanks in part to the crystals and shimmery material.
Come on now.
Actress Janelle Monae embraced wearable art with this custom Christian Siriano look and the eye even winked as she walked down the pink carpet.
Sam Okay Lupita Nyongo embraced the rainbow with this Versace gown with pink star pattern and rainbow ruffles and check out the gold afro picks in her hair with raised fist logos yes.
She also wore a custom Peter Dundas emerald green crown because she is a queen and Zendaya had a fairy tale moment at the gala transforming into Cinderella in this Tommy Hilfiger ball gown with white poofy sleeves and a skirt that lit up yes yes yes.
The 10 foot long train nearly took over the pink carpet and Cierra might have won best hair of the night I think she won lets be honest with this very extra gorgeous afro.
Cardi B won the award for the biggest train with this red feathered Tom Brown gown.
Kacey Musgraves looked like a barbie doll in this hot pink Moschino leather dress pairing it with a blow dryer bag and cat eye shades.
Sam you drink some water well talk.
Are you I actually looked at Al or Al I looked at Jeff midway and your eyes were closed.
I was thinking about cheese and crackers and what Im gonna do tonight.
Im like this coffees bitter I should think about a different kind of coffee.
laughs I guess Im the only one I was kinda into it Sam.
It took all those people got together to entertain us I agree.
like thats all I mean its just like somebodys gotta shake it up a little bit we all cant wear khakis and polo shirts somebodys gotta shake it up and push the envelope a little bit thats what art does.
Im for universal uniforms everyday.
Like Star Trek?
Boring I wear the same thing to work everyday thats fine with me.
Yeah thats a man of a certain age Id do the same thing I got those green sweat pants they could walk to work themselves.
Now Tory do you have a favorite even though I guess you were bored by it?
No no I did have a favorite Ezra Miller I though absolutely nailed camp.
And this is a guy that is gender fluid and he used prosthetics as the eyes Wow!
But its about the artifice and the exaggeration and I like the gender fluidity that was all over the red carpet Sam It was.
the pink carpet excuse me.
Imma nod my head and pretend like I know what artifice means.
Sam laughs The artificialness like its fake like camp is very kitschy and fake and over done.
Now what does kitschy mean?
Now Al we do call you Al Fashion Jackson Yes maam.
Oh my boy Nick Jonas.
I mean that is like Sam Your boy huh?
Yeah we go way back but I just like he looks like He looks like little finger.
He looks like a waiter at The Cheesecake Factory doesnt he?
Al Yeah like Sam In Dubai.
The Dubai Cheesecake Factory.
You nailed it you nailed it Jeff do you have a favorite?
Well listen I know everyone hates Kylie and Kendall the Kardashians or Jenners I should say check them out they look terrific but I dont like that they didnt walk with their dates down the red or the pink carpet.
Thats a good one thats a good one.
Hey Im gonna listen I think all the work that these fashion designers put into these outfits I really wanna give them some credit I know Al Sam who was your favorite?
That dress is art you guys and then again with the gender fluidity I think that Jared Leto with that gorgeous red Gucci gown and then who doesnt love a severed head as a purse.
I really didnt even notice he was wearing a gown and I think thats the way if you dont want people to notice just carry another head.
Jeff Wait thats a purse?
I think it was or an accessory but he held it like a purse.
Tory He sure did.
Sam I hey Im all for it.
Al Now what if Mark showed up with that purse of your head?
Jeff Fashion.
All right lets get this next story an update to the college admission scandal.
Lori Loughlins defense might have just gotten a boost thanks to the University of Southern Californias crew team.
Teams that reports this ad for the team is posted all over campus.
You can see it says no experience no problem.
Lori of course is accused of paying bribes to pass her daughters off as athletic recruits in order to get them into USC.
Now Tory I know you are our legal eagle this makes my blood boil.
Because if Lori Loughlin is going to use this as her defense shes suggesting that all of us are stupid.
Shes suggesting that everybody out there that has worked hard to get into a university whether you are an athlete whether you are as a scholar again is stupid so could this work for her?
Yeah it could go both ways right?
It could backfire completely because its so obvious.
We have her on tape being like Take a picture of them on rowing machines and send it in.
We know the real thing.
She insulted so many people when she plead not guilty.
Thats really where she made her mistake as we talked before.
Now it only takes one person to be like Maybe she didnt know though.
So they are using the loophole defense its a long shot its a Hail Mary but its worked before and all she wants to do is avoid prison time.
I think shes gonna listen.
And I dont think so.
Shes not calling us stupid our judicial system is calling us stupid the lawyers that defend her are calling us stupid because if she gets off its just proof that our system does not work.
And thats whats gonna happ shes gonna walk But our.
It caters to the rich I mean if you are rich you dont see jail as a deterrent.
Like anybody thats got some money you can get a good attorney Tory you know this the reason lawyers cost different amounts of money and some are free is a free lawyer is gonna be like Sam take the deal. where as a great lawyer is gonna go through everything.
The band Pentatonix takes time to chat with DBL in the middle of their first ever world tour.
A bartender is in trouble after prosecutors say she over served a man right before he went on a shooting rampage.
A surprising new findings that might make you rethink the kind of sunblock you use and you the viewer are our fifth host and we want your take on this controversial story.
Then an eye opening study all about sunscreen.
Music Now is the time to try 500 standard cards starting at just 9.99 with promo code BCNOW.
Music Ah ah ah ah Im feelin good.
Luckily they dont finish the sentence.
Why not take the whole family out for a geological thrill.
What will you discover?
Only at Luray Caverns.
Youve been anticipating this moment since the last time you came to Uncle Julios.
Youve been chosen and everyone is watching.
Experience the unforgettable moment of smashing a chocolate pinata.
The house required a lot of work.
My husband and I were faced with the decision of what to do with my fathers home.
Im Dan from MarketPro Homebuyers and we wanna buy your home.
Is your house less than perfect?
MarketPro Homebuyers truly helped my family when we did not know what to do.
Dan even helped pay to pack and move us.
Around here even a little rain makes us down right giddy.
Howd you get the pictures from the inside of their house?
Welcome back to DBL it is time for fifth host when we talk about what youre talkin about.
Now she wouldnt be charged for murder this would be a misdemeanor so to speak I just wanna clarify that.
Bobby great take you used the perfect word there unreasonably intoxicated and with your BAC at four times the legal limit that means that you probably cant stand up.
Yeah Patty from Facebook says Bars are just out to make money.
In Los Angeles its a corporation called the ABC they train you they make sure to let you know about those red flags and God forbid you over serve someone both Jeff and I have cut many people off but we both seen people Jeff Oh yeah.
Right they dont bring them out the back door they make sure all the servers see it they bring him out the front door they make an example like they handcuff em so it is a big deal.
because of a DUI you could kill someone you could kill yourself.
