TV Announcer From Hollywood its Jimmy Kimmel Live!
audience applauding Regina King!
From The Punisher Jon Bernthal!
This week in Unnecessary Censorship and music from Juanes!
And now in all sincerity Jimmy Kimmel!
Im Jimmy Im the host of the show thank you very much!
Hi everybody howre you doing?
Welcome to Hollywood!
I appreciate that!
Hey I have a story so last night after the show I hosted a concert there was a big concert at the Forum.
It was a tribute to the late great Chris Cornell were you there is that why youre yelling okay!
Guillermo was like hey are you going to that its like yeah yeah come with me to the show and Cleto went and Dicky went Jeff our keyboard player went a few guys.
At one point in the night I think it was twothirds of the way through the show I was on stage and somebody yelled wheres Guillermo?
After Metallica he ditched us and got in an Uber and went home.
Thats right and you see how he spelled hes just as good at spelling country as he is in running it itsMost of Trumps hire is directed at Nancy Pelosi the Speaker of the House.
It was the presidential equivalent of you break up with me I break up with you!
And he sent the letter less an hour before she was supposed to leave.
And I bet he was so delighted with himself when he came up with this idea.
Lot of people would try to make sense out of this but the clearest voice Ive heard on the subject so far believe it or not came from Cardi B.
You know if the Democrats cant convince Trump to end this silly shutdown I think I know somebody who can.
Hey yall I just wanna remind ya because its been a little bit over three weeks okay?
Trump is now ordering as his summonse federal government workers to go back to work without getting paid.
Now I dont wanna hear ya bleep talkin about oh but Obama shut down the government for 17 days yeah bitch!
Cardi B is right!
Andrew come on in here!
Last night we brought in a NASA engineer who was out of work and now lets say hello to our new employee tonight please welcome Andrew Rigopoulos!
So I see this!
Yeah I stay home and watch a lot of NetflixYeah okay.
And right now theres nobody working at the park you work atNo we have a crew of rangers that actually watch it to make sure that our resources arent damaged while were thereYou are considered to be a nonessential government employee?
Well if people over visit em and damage em then we wont have them anymore.
We doThats a good sign yeah?
Since parks are important and natures importantYes?
Yeah I pitched it to my brother first and he saidWhatre you gonna do for us tonight?
Im gonna take care of our urban landscape and water your plants.
So Andrew oh Andrew!
Thank you very much thats Andrew Rigopoulos!
The president appears to be on a collision course with the law right now his alleged lawyer Rudy Giuliani was back on CNN last night and rudier than ever.
This one if we didnt have this on video it would almost be too much to believe.
He made a crazy appearance on Chris Cuomos show.
Mr.Mayor false reportingIts despicableIs saying that nobody in the campaign had any contacts with Russia.
Because now you have Paul Manafort giving poll dataI never saidThat winds up leading to this coincidenceWell you just misstated my position.
Of course he never said it.
Nobody in the Trump administration ever said any of the things they say all the time butaudience laughing But there must be another Rudy Giuliani out there whos been going around saying there was no collusion between Russia and the campaign.
Is it still the position of you and your client that there was no collusion with the Russians whatsoever on behalf of the Trump campaign?
So he did say it.
The surest sign of how deeply screwed up this administration is is that Rudy Giuliani is still allowed to go on TV to speak on their behalf.
How would you know that nobody in your campaignHe actually did say that Rudy.
But what matters is did the president say there was no collusion between the Russians and his campaign?
How much longer are you gonna let him do thisHe just put out that your campaign chairman was playing with the Russians!
audience laughing In the mean time audience applauding while thats goin on there we have new details about Trumps former lawyerfriend Micheal Cohen.
You know these polls that you go on and click which thing you want?
Not only did he not win either of the polls I think he didnt even crack the top 100 in the CNBC one.
The guy Cohen hired to do this according to The Journal showed up at Trump Tower looking for 50000 he was owed and when he did the report says Cohen gave him a Walmart bag with 12 to 13000 in cash and a boxing glove he claimed had been worn by a Brazilian MMA fighter as payment.
Theres not much about him online but this audition tape he made trying to get on Survivor in 2005 kind of tells you all you need to know.
And so the goon Cohen hired is an IT guy hes got a company his name is John Gauger.
So Cohen also asked the guy while he was doin this to set up a Twitter account called Women for Cohen.
Literally everyone around Trump is a character from a reality show and that is not even the best part of the story.
Only the best people you know?
This will allow me to be the most loved Survivor contestant of all times and maybe the most hated too.
This has given the uncanny ability to make anybody like me.
Hey while youre at it could you make people think girls like me too?
Basically Cohen asked this guy help me rig the election.
audience laughing Because I loved this I clicked to see who was following this account and some of the women for Cohen are named John Ted Elvis Theodore Kevin and Sonny.
Were like a wee away from finding out Michael Cohen had a burner phone he used to send dirty texts to himself!
This has gotta be the saddest thing I ever heard of in my whole life.
audience laughing Best looking men award goes to heart and emoji we love you guys!
Snazzy looking  ready to MAGA.
Put that up on the screen.
Hey by the way I dont know if you heard about this but YouTube is you familiar with YouTube?
Yeah okay YouTube is cracking down on fun.
Hi everybody YouTube is home to many beloved viral challenges and pranks like Jimmy Kimmels Terrible Christmas Presents prank thank you or the water bottle flip challenge.
That said weve always had policies to make sure whats funny doesnt cross the line into being harmful or dangerous.
And audience laughing I have to say someone that loves a good prank and likes to do them I think its sad that a few bad apples had to ruin the fun of eating poisonous detergent packets for everyone but audience laughing the bigger question is how do you know before you do something what qualifies as dangerous and what doesnt?
I mean weve done some stuff that could potentially go in a dangerous direction.
So anyway YouTube happens to have an office right next door to us so we called over there and I went over to their office to run some ideas by their content standards executive.
So I was reading about these new rules that you guys haveYes.
Of courseAppreciate it.
And Im a little bit concerned about it because we do a lot of that kind of stuff on the show.
Well I mean we trust what you do thats a different situationWell thats great news.
So I can do anything?
Well I wouldnt say anything but I thinkOkay well let meI think usuallyLet me run some things by you and you can just tell me because there are things were working on and I dont wanna get into it and you know.
Okay the I bet you cant eat all the knives challenge.
Not that one.
audience laughing That sounds dangerous no.
The jump the zoo fence challenge people jump over the fence at the zoo and get in with the animalsNot that noAll right asbestos to baby powder challenge?
Thank you very muchWell we would need to it couldnt just beOkay there you go!
Seat belts are for snowflakes challenge.
All right can I borrow your pencil for a second?
