 Announcer Then she ruled the UK for decades. Dont miss a new season of Victoria British television at its best. Funding of this presentation is made possible by the Freeman Foundation and Kovler Foundation pursuing solutions for Americas neglected needs. Wow.
 Announcer This is BBC World News America.
 That is unbelievable.
 Music Trying so hard not to let it show Music Im flying. Music Im 10 feet tall Music Yes.
 Music Swear I can touch the sky Music Protesters No more war. Reporting from Washington Im Laura Trevelyan.
 Music Im 10 feet tall Music Stay curious.
 Announcer And now BBC World News. This is BBC World News America.
 Count down to the State of the Union Address.
 President Trump will call for unity in front of a deeply divided Congress.
 Nick Mr.Neeson are you sorry for what you said?
 Laura Actor Liam Neeson says hes no racist after his desire for revenge causes an uproar. Racist.
 Photograph was the very first picture I ever took in war.
 Plus Sir Don McCullins camera captured the human cost of battle.
 Well hear how he turned his lens on the home front too.
 Welcome to our viewers on public television here in the US and around the globe.
 Washington is poised for tonights State of the Union Address by President Trump.
 Aides say hell call for bipartisan cooperation and unity.
 Mr.Trump will deliver his primetime address to a divided Congress one thats still smarting after a 35day partial government shutdown over the presidents call for a border wall with Mexico.
 For more on what we can expect tonight the BBCs Katty Kay joined me earlier.
 White House aides say that this address is going to be all about committee but given just how divided the two sides are can anything really be achieved do you think?
 Look I think what the president wants to do tonight is to reach out to voters in the middle with some sense of unity and bipartisanship.
 Well hear that tone.
 Its being written into his speech at the moment and then also appeal to his base with a tougher line on immigration and that border wall.
 President Trump knows that hes not going to get a television audience this big again until the 2020 reelection campaign is well under way so hes got that political timetable in mind.
 Juggling those two things is going to be tricky in terms of tone and we all know Laura that what is said in a speech tonight on Capitol Hill can very quickly be overturned with just one Tweet tomorrow morning.
 It can indeed.
 Katty is this really laying out the battle lines for the 2020 election?
 Yeah I think it is.
 There are areas where the president and the Republicans and the Democrats do agree.
 They could do a big deal on infrastructure and I suspect well hear the president reach out to Democrats on an issue like that.
 The trouble is there is so little trust on the Democratic side of this president that are they willing to give him some kind of a deal that he can then take home and say you see look Ive managed to achieve something?
 The 2020 reelection campaign in a sense is starting right now.
 Weve already had those Democratic candidates who have launched their bids.
 Theyre going to be sitting right in front of the president.
 Tonight is his big audience also to talk about what hes achieved and what he can still achieve and of course the spectacle of all of this crowned by Nancy Pelosi Laura sitting right behind him the Democrat who has just given him a very tough time a tough run for his money over that government shutdown.
 Youre right the 2020 reelection campaign is all over this State of the Union Address.
 Katty what will you be watching for when you see Nancy Pelosi there the symbol of divided government watching over the president?
 Yeah I mean its almost a kind of visual reminder in every shot because in these States of the Unions you have the president and then you have the two people Mike Pence and Nancy Pelosi sitting behind him and theyre in almost every shot.
 Its almost a visual reminder for people of this new tougher political landscape that President Trump now faces.
 Id be surprised if she gives him much more than a cursory round of applause at the beginning.
 The rest of the time expect her to sit pretty stonefaced while Vice President Mike Pence sits there cheering.
 Thats the kind of prospect that always comes up in States of the Unions.
 Remember its not just Nancy Pelosi sitting behind him.
 Its all those newlyelected members of the Democratic House of Representatives sitting in front of him.
 This is a very different State of the Union audience in that chamber than it was for him a year ago.
 Katty Kay thank you.
 Well the State of the Union Address is a marquee event a speech which is rewritten multiple times.
 The White House says the president has been going through tonights pages with his Sharpie reworking the material.
 Its all about striking the right tone while leaving an impression for the ages.
 Here are some examples from the past.
 Dont let anyone tell you that Americas best days are behind her that the American spirit has been vanquished.
 The era of big government is over.
 Terrorist allies constitute an axis of evil arming to threaten the peace of the world.
 Well for more on the significance of these major addresses and the work that goes into them I spoke earlier with Stephen Krupin a former speechwriter for President Obama.
 State of the Union Address is a highly choreographed one.
 Just how high are the expectations of this speech tonight?
 The White House would like to set out an expectation that this is going to be as you and Katty mentioned a speech about unity which I think is just about as credible as much else coming out of the Trump White House.
 The State of the Union Address happens in the House chamber.
 It doesnt happen in a vacuum and we cant listen to what he says tonight without regard for what he said yesterday and what hell say tomorrow.
 If the president continues to stigmatize immigrants continues to spurn allies how is that unity?
 If the White House has to go to such extremes to make that case that this is a speech about unity if he does that one day a year using sentences that we know dont sound the way that President Trump as we all know sounds it kind of gives lie to the whole charade.
 But as a former speechwriter just how much work would go into a speech like this?
 An enormous amount of work.
 It starts months before the speech itself.
 It is a speech where not only the White House is focused on it the communications the policy the research parts of the White House but also all the cabinet agencies.
 Everyone wants their line in that precious real estate because when the president of the United States says it to the country and the world it elevates their issue.
 Laura Also typically these speeches have a big historical sweep dont they?
 Because the tradition began with George Washington himself.
 Stephen It is it is historical and the history of it is all about accountability.
 It is not the president speaking to the country and the world from the Oval Office.
 It is the president coming to the peoples house at the invitation of the peoples house which underscores that our democracy is about checks and balances and that the president whether he likes it or not needs the Congress to pass his agenda.
 Although we hear from the president especially this one in a variety of ways on Twitter we have impromptu press conferences but as an occasion do you feel that the State of the Union retains its power?
 I think it retains its power in a general sense because it is the president speaking to all of the government assembled as well as the American people beyond and the world who are listening to what he has to say.
 In this particular case I think it does him a disservice.
 I think the State of the Union Address is perhaps President Trumps most unnatural venue.
 It is at its best an opportunity to call for unity which President Trump does not do he speaks to his base he is divisive is an opportunity to speak the truth which we know President Trump doesnt do.
 Its an opportunity for careful rhetoric and we know that President Trump is careless at best with his rhetoric.
 Well see how he does tonight but President Ronald Reagan started this tradition of mentioning in his speech people that he had brought as guests. Thats really become quite a bit of stagecraft hasnt it?
 Its absolutely stagecraft.
 Its an important way to show that the policy that is spoken about in the State of the Union Address actually affects real people real Americans that its not just abstract political theory. What President Obama tried to do for example was talk about people who represented the struggles or the challenges or the aspirations that the American people were going through. Neeson insists that race had nothing to do with his actions.
 In 2015 there was a family named the Erlers from Minnesota whose story of perseverance was a nice metaphor for the way the country was coming out of the Great Recession.
 What was different about the way President Obama used these guests is it spoke to the countrys hopes.
 President Trump as well see tonight just like last year often uses guests in an exploitative way to speak to our basest fears.
 Laura Stephen Krupin well see what the speech has in store for us tonight.
 Thank you for joining us.
 Thank you good to be here.
 Now the actor Liam Neeson says hes no racist after admitting he once walked the streets looking for a black man to kill.
 The Hollywood star describes a primal urge for revenge after a friend was raped by someone she said was black.
 The BBCs Nick Bryant has more from New York.
 Nick After his explosive comments about rape revenge and raceMr.Neeson are you sorry for what you said?
 Liam Neeson arrived at this Manhattan television studio not to make an apology but to offer an explanation. Im not racist.
 Nick He admitted to setting out to kill an innocent black man nearly 40 years ago after someone close to him was allegedly raped by a black man.
 Would you have had the same reaction if your friend had said it was a white man? Would you have wanted to go out and kill him?
 If shed have said an Irish or a Scot or a Brit or a Lithuanian I know I wouldve had the same effect.
 I was trying to show honor to stand up for my dear friend in this terrible medieval fashion.
 Im a fairly intelligent guy and thats why it kinda shocked me when I came down to earth after having these horrible feelings. Tell me what happened.
 Luckily no violence occurred ever thanks be to God.
 What makes you think you can kill a man? It makes you have a little bit of fear but we have to push through that and find the love. He was on a public platform. I agree with you I dont think we should vilify him but the statement that he made is problematic.
 I read it in a crime novel. Carls dead. Nick At this black theater company in London young actors gave us their reaction. Him using that language in the interview in light of his influence is naive.
 Nick Promoting his new movie the theme of which is murderous revenge the actor had given an interview telling how he sought retribution after hearing about the rape. Theres been outrage at those remarks but some have commended his honesty and viewers saw his own personal torment written across his face. Wow Im just shocked. I couldnt believe he would say something like that. For Liam Neeson today was supposed to be about promoting his new movie but instead hes trying to salvage his reputation.
 I thought he was a good guy.
 The 66yearold has been one of Hollywoods more bankable stars. Nick Bryant BBC News New York.
 Will he face a backlash at the box office? This comes off the back of the US and the Taliban announcing they made progress in peace talks last month.
 In other news now high level talks between Afghan officials and the Taliban are taking place in Russia.
 Afghan government officials who are not taking part in the talks criticize the meeting as counterproductive.
 Former Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has been sentenced to a year in prison in Spain for tax fraud but will not serve any time behind bars.
 He accepted the sentence as part of a deal with prosecutors in a wider investigation into alleged tax evasion by some of Spains top footballers.
 Instead hell pay a fine of 1.75 million pounds.
 Pope Francis whos just returned from a tour of the Middle East has for the first time publicly admitted that clerics have sexually abused nuns. The alarm went off after midnight.
 Speaking during a midair news conference he said the church was aware that priests and bishops had abused nuns and was working on the issue. Police in Paris say the fire that engulfed a residential building during the night killing 10 people was possibly started on purpose.
 Pope Francis added that his predecessor Pope Benedict was forced to shut down an entire congregation of nuns who were being abused by priests.
 Theyve arrested a woman who lived there.
 At least 30 other people have been injured in the blaze. Lucy Williamson reports now from Paris. It was a scene of chaos their captain said the search for residents through the smokefilled floors accompanied by the sound of screaming many survivors found clinging to windowsills or roofs.
 Lucy The fire brigade described it as apocalyptic an eightstory apartment block hollowed out by flames its living rooms bedrooms hallways fuel for the inferno.
 Tiny ladders hung from windows a lifeline allowing firefighters to get in.
 It was already black with smoke.
 I live on the top floor.
 I had to climb across several balconies to get out. They had to use specialist equipment to rescue people from windows and nearby roofs. She is 40 years old and has a previous history of psychiatric disorders.
 We hid in a corner with several people to escape the flames.
 By dawn the fire was under control but the search for victims continued. Still to come on tonights program in Brazil tales of survival and devastating loss following a major dam collapse. The search for the missing continues.
 When firemen arrived here in the early hours this morning they found a building hidden behind a courtyard. With no way of accessing it from the street their normal ladders were useless.
 Police are treating it as arson and are questioning a resident.
 A woman who lives in the building has been questioned.
 Lucy Firefighters are working to stabilize the building and find the source of the blaze this sedate corner of Paris now a crime scene a barren shell burnt bare of family life.
 Lucy Williamson BBC News Paris. Narrator Lunchtime a quick stampede to the record shops.
 So many questions after that devastating fire in Paris. Youre watching BBC World New America.
 The UK music chain HMV which collapsed in December has been saved by a Canadian record company. Woman Hello Davy.
 Sunrise Records says HMV has a bright future but it will close the flagship store in central London.
 The new owners say theyll be listening to what their customers want including a greater selection of vinyl records. Heres Lee Zomazimba. Lee For decades HMV stores have been a huge part of life for music fans and for some of musics biggest artists.
 Music We will remember Music Lee Now while 100 stores have been saved 27 are being shut down including the one where it all started almost 100 years ago on Londons Oxford Street a perhaps inevitable consequence of a musicloving public who still enjoy shopping in person but who also embrace consuming music online.
 People are ordering online theyre streaming and really theres still a crowd of people who want to come and browse. Lee Enter Doug Putman owner of Canadian retailer Sunrise Records HMVs new owners. We see HMV continuing on in the UK for a long time.
 We rely on so many other things now streaming music we stream TV we stream films and theyve gotta find a business model so they can survive. We get amazing support.
 We took over 80some odd stores in Canada almost two and a half years ago and theyre doing strong doing well profitable. It sounded like an explosion he tells me but he soon realized what had happened.
 The challenges are significant.
 HMV once made its money from huge sales of CDs and games all of which have been plummeting year on year but even though many stores including perhaps this one their flagship are closing they are still confident that HMV can exist up and down the country through to its centenary in 2021 and beyond. Lee Zomazimba BBC News. We saw the mud coming and I told my friend Sebastian run the dam has burst.
 In Brazil the search continues for those still missing after the collapse of a major dam. Elias was driving one of the trucks that day.
 The death toll stands at 134 with nearly 200 others unaccounted for after an avalanche of liquid mining waste swept through the countryside.
 Our South America correspondent Katy Watson has been to the site of the disaster to speak to a woman who lost six members of her family and to a survivor who had the narrowest of escapes. You can see it on video my truck moving from one side to the other.
 When the dam broke there was little hope for those in the path of the deluge that followed. Death was staring us in the face. His pickup says Elias was like a grain of sand tossed about in the chaos. I meet Vanderlei searching for the bodies of his brother and cousin in the sludge. This is their overturned truck.
 Panic as drivers struggle to save themselves. There was no way out. We asked God to protect us.
 They survived.
 This was the aftermath.
 My worlds ended.
 I know I wouldnt find them alive here but if we are not on top of the search the authorities will stop looking.
 But in this sludge the recovery effort is slow.
 Theres been lots of rain here in the past 24 hours and these firefighters are returning to areas hoping that with the extra water it mightve displaced the mud and they can recover more bodies.