Your news starts now.
Sarah We begin tonight with a live look at the National Mall.
Tomorrow people will fill the Mall to celebrate the 4th of July.
Shawn It is all clear tonight but we are watching for popup storms that could put a damper on your holiday plans tomorrow.
She is tracking when and where the showers and storms could hit.
Yeah we do this every year it feels like.
I mean whats a holiday without a weather challenge around here?
Were gonna do that tomorrow.
Probably several rounds of popup showers and storms.
Depending on where you are you might not see much.
In other spots might see a lot.
So were just gonna call it a stormy day tomorrow because the potential is there for lots of showers and thunderstorms to fire up.
Some of which may be severe some of which may bring some heavy rains.
So thats a lot to keep track of as youre trying to get from your pool parties to your barbecues to your firework festivities.
We got the day off that felt great.
Showers and thunderstorms last night were relentless.
So it was wonderful to not see much around the Metro.
Just a few clouds muggy and mild with that low of 76.
But as early as the lunch hour showers and thunderstorms are expected to fire up.
So you might wanna have a backup plan if youre gonna be outdoors you know run inside as skies start to darken.
But there could be some lingering rain.
All right now that you know the forecast lets get ya caught up on everything else you need to know about some of the big events in the District tomorrow.
Sarah and Shawn?
The big fireworks display expected to begin after nine p.m.Now in addition to the massive fireworks display and the concert new this year President Trumps Salute to America which include tanks a military flyover and a hefty price tag that some say is outrageous but others say is money well spent.
And the annual Capitol Fourth gets underway on the West Lawn of the U.S.Capitol at eight tomorrow night.
Thats at the Lincoln Memorial which starts at 630.
FOX 5s Josh Rosenthal is live near the Lincoln Memorial tonight with the latest.
Hey Shawn you know we are less than 24 hours away and as you can see this years 4th of Julys gonna be a little different than years past.
I think we spend a lot of money on a lot of things that we dont really know where its going so this is a great for in my mind a great use of funds.
If Congress doesnt get their act together anyway and wants to waste it on their own pet projects why not have something to celebrate us?
Josh But everyone isnt quite so pleased.
Heres the deal The Washington Post reported that the National Park Service is diverting about two and a half million bucks in park entrance fees to cover additional costs associated with the Presidents event.
That money could have been spent on improving parks across the country and even fixing potholes on certain roads like the G.W.
And remember theres about a 12 billion dollar backlog of maintenance needs that the Park Service is already struggling to handle.
And then they turn around and they used these very valuable dollars from park visitors to pay for this spectacle.
Now I did reach out to the National Park Service with a whole lot of questions about this but they didnt answer any of em.
We are doing so consistent with the Departments mission and historical practices.
I do wanna mention we still dont have a final total price tag for this event tomorrow however some of the stuff that youre gonna see for instance the extra fireworks have been donated.
And the Presidents Salute to America tomorrow is also expected to attract protestors.
Members of CODEPINK plan to demonstrate.
The groups organizers said the event is turning into a military style show of force and does not represent the true meaning of Independence Day.
They wanted to fly the Baby Trump balloon weve seen flying in London and other parts of Europe as protest but the National Park Service denied their request.
CODEPINK says Even if the balloon cannot fly the group will take a stand.
We do think its important to oppose what the President is doing.
Im a D.C.resident and we know that the last time President Trump wanted to have a military parade the D.C.residents spoke out so forcefully and our representatives in the City Council said No way.
Shawn CODEPINK again wanted to fly that Baby Trump balloon about two feet off the ground but the Park Service grounded that idea.
Sarah All right here is a live look at Reagan National Airport where this years 4th of July plans on the National Mall will force the airport to close down temporarily.
Of course youre encouraged to check with your airline see whether or not your flight may be affected by this.
Shawn Virginias Department of Transportation is sending drivers a serious message on this holiday.
In a nutshell theyre warning you not to get behind the wheel if youre under the influence.
Rehearsals are wrapping up for the 39th Annual A Capitol Fourth celebration hosted by John Stamos.
People will also get the chance to see performances by Sesame Street Vanessa Williams the OJays and many others tomorrow.
The legendary band delayed the tour earlier this year while Mick Jagger recovered from heart surgery.
All right well there was also an early fireworks show just up the road at Six Flags in Largo.
If you missed tonights show dont worry youll have a chance to see it several more times this week.
In fact the next three nights at Six Flags tonights or I should say tomorrow nights display begins at 915.
There will also be holiday celebrations all over the region tomorrow and FOX 5 has you covered from the easiest ways to get around to where you can find the local events in your neighborhood.
All right a Maryland mother is warning other parents after she said her son contracted a flesheating bacteria in Ocean City Maryland.
The images of her sons legs and arms are difficult to look at.
Lindsay I understand this isnt the only case on the eastern seaboard.
In the case of a Florida woman it was deadly.
Now fortunately the boy in Ocean City is recovering despite these painful looking injuries.
This bacteria is rare but something to certainly be aware of when youre swimming.
We wanna warn you some of the graphics here are hard to watch.
These images have been shared thousands of times on social media along with a mothers message.
But what happened comes just days after a Florida woman died near Tampa.
Told my mom multiple times I just wanna be normal again.
It was after she went in the ocean with a skateboard injury on her foot.
Michelle Scuff on her toe andKylei Which was almost healed.
I mean it almost cost her her life.
Its just so hard seeing friends and family and you know on the beach having fun cause we were there doing the same thing.
It is rare and the CDC says Most who contract it have other health problems.
Doctors say Its crucial to get treatment immediately.
Necrotizing fasciitis is the medical term for this condition.
The CDC says As many as one in three people with the infection do end up dying from it.
Sarah.
Sarah In case you missed it there were fireworks on Wall Street ahead of the 4th literally.
The Dow the NASDAQ and the SP 500 all closing at record highs.
The trading day ended with sparklers.
You see right there celebrating Macys 4th of July Fireworks Spectacular.
Markets will be closed tomorrow for the holiday.
All right well if you had a little trouble posting to social media today you werent alone.
Plus caught on camera a man is accused of throwing a lit firecracker at a local police officer sitting in a cruiser.
What it means for your plate and also your wallet.
Sarah And coming up on The Final 5 the issue of adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census seemed like it was settled but then the President tweeted and now even members of his administration are confused about whats going on.
And everyone is welcome to apply.
The Tech Advanced Nissan LEAF.
The best selling electric vehicle of all time.
This is Nissan Intelligent Mobility.
With the PenFed car buying service theyre finding the right car at a better price.
Music Its easy at Sheehy Music Music Sheehy.com Music Narrator Today people across the nation are experiencing the benefits of joining PenFed Credit Union.
Plus were donating to the American Heart Association.
Get up to 125 of KBB value for your trade.
Race in for special 4th of July savings now.
Music You wanna make a fuss Music Music Better listen up and listen good Music Music You dont mess with America Music Music You only get Music Music You wont stop us Music Announcer Its the final lap of the Sheehy 8000.
Announcer The tools of a REMAX agent.
Music Its easy at Sheehy Music Music Sheehy.com Music Announcer Get a drain cleaning for only 99 dollars.
Music Michael  Son Music A Navy Seal courtmartialed for the murder of a teenage ISIS militant has been found not guilty.
Sarah All right heres a look at some of the top stories were following tonight.
Another legal setback for President Trumps effort to build his border wall.
Today a Federal Appeals Court ruled the Federal Government cannot tap into Defense Department money to build sections of the wall in Arizona and New Mexico.
It is unclear though if the Trump Administration will appeal.
A man is accused of throwing a lit firework at an officer inside a marked cruiser Saturday in Forestville.
There is no word tonight what caused that crash.
Funeral services were held today for the retired NYPD detective who fought to make sure that 911 first responders are never forgotten.
The Maryland Department of Health is reporting its first heat related death of the year in the state.
A new report revealed the Chesapeake Bay blue crab population is up 60 from last year.
Halle Bailey half of the sister duo Chloe and Halle will be starring as Ariel in Disneys liveaction remake of The Little Mermaid.
Theres a new little mermaid in town.
Now from the Bay to a story from under the sea.
Shawn Experts say It takes several years of population increases before there is a change in price.
Production for the liveaction Little Mermaid begins in 2020.
The films director released a statement saying that Halle possesses a rare combination of spirit heart youth innocence and substance.
Sarah Yeah all right all right.
