Narrator And did they have an impact on peoples lives?
One of the most important bands to ever walk the Earth.
Their influence will never ever go away.
They had the perfect combination with a classic lineup.
They had the personalities that could create friction but created great music.
It was just a giant firework display that was just the best youve ever seen.
It exploded into the sky and we all went Aah! and it was gone fabulous.
We have a death.
We need to confirm identification and then we need to perform an autopsy.
The lead singer of the rock band Nirvana Kurt Cobain has died of a gunshot wound in Seattle.
Narrator The world was stunned when Kurt Cobain the 27year old musician and selfstyled prince of grunge was found dead.
Kurt Cobain was a genius he was the powerful voice of a generation.
He was the true artist even in his pain he was genuine.
Narrator But with success came pressures that Kurt found hard to handle.
He worked so hard to become the millionaire rockstar and then once he did he didnt like it very much.
Narrator And on April 8th 1994 when Kurt Cobain was found dead at his Seattle mansion it appeared to be a clearcut case of suicide.
Narrator But despite leaving a suicide note many people refused to believe that Kurt Cobain had taken his own life.
I knew from the beginning that Kurt had been murdered.
Kurt Cobains death certificate says that he died from a single shotgun wound to the head.
Kurt Cobains investigative records show that he died from a shotgun wound to the head fired through the mouth.
But why would a man who has struggled to make it a musician and whod just started a family kill himself?
In a recently discovered interview recorded a few months before his death Kurt claimed hed never been happier.
Narrator Kurt had only recently become a millionaire after a lifetime of financial hardship and had just bought himself a mansion in an exclusive area of Seattle where he lived with his wife Courtney Love and his 19month old baby Frances Bean.
He seemed very excited about life.
One of the people he smoked a cigarette with outside said that Kurt just seemed like a happygolucky guy he didnt seem like he had a problem in the world.
Hes trying to kick the heroin addiction hes developed since becoming a rockstar.
But within five days of appearing optimistic about the future Kurt Cobain was dead.
Its an exclusive club and I want to find out what led Kurt to doing it.
Including Jim Morrison Jimi Hendrix and Amy Winehouse.
Ive never been more optimistic.
Narrator Kurt Donald Cobain was born on February 20th 1967 in Aberdeen a small industrial town located two hours south of Seattle.
The dysfunctional part I think was that he was living with parents who were using more alcohol than normal.
And its hard for you to be a happy little kid if youre growing up in a family thats fighting and dont really know how to raise children.
And I really do think it was therapeutic for him.
Music saved Kurt I think it was the only way he knew to express his feelings.
He was a child prodigy who possessed this rare unique artistic talent.
He found solace in music which he showed promise at from an early age.
Narrator Kurts parents separated when he was nine.
I couldnt face some of my friends at school because I desperately wanted to have the classic typical family mother father I wanted that security.
How he was able to take punk music old rock and roll minimalist melodic music stick it all in a soup and come out with what he came out with I think that was pretty revolutionary.
It was Kurts approach that would be at the forefront of a new style of music.
But it wasnt until he was 18 that he met Krist Novoselic and formed the band Nirvana.
Music With the lights out its less dangerous Music Music Here we are now entertain us Music Music I feel stupid and contagious Music Music Here we are now entertain us Music Music A mulatto Music Nirvanas album Nevermind released in 1991 went to the top of the charts around the world and established Kurt Cobain as the biggest rockstar of his generation.
In February 1992 Kurt married the former stripper and lead singer of the band Hole Courtney Love.
I think he was popular because he was wounded he looked like a person who was down on his luck and rebellious.
As soon as she married him I listened to a lot of his poetry and a lot of his music and I thought well this guys pretty profound.
He spoke to this lost generation and became the voice of the generation.
This could be due to a disorder that he was suffering from called scoliosis and in this recently discovered interview Kurt sheds new light on what he thought caused this condition.
According to his records Kurt was five nine but looked considerably smaller.
Kurts Voice I had scoliosis when I was in junior high and Ive been playing guitar ever since and the weight of the guitar has made my back grow in this curvature so when I stand you know everythings sideways.
This is an xray of Kurt Cobains spine and it shows that he has Cshaped scoliosis.
Its a common misconception that scoliosis causes pain but that is not always the case and the cause is oftentimes unknown.
This wouldnt be caused by the weight of his guitar but it could be exacerbated by it.
As there is no mention of any pain or psychological distress associated with this condition I dont believe that this is responsible for his death.
However Kurt did suffer from another longstanding medical condition that had a huge impact on him.
I was on an antidepressant but I still had depression symptoms.
He said that Rexulti when added to an antidepressant has been proven to help reduce symptoms of depression without giving up the progress I may have made on my antidepressant.
This time I spoke up about living behind the mask and he told me about Rexulti.
So I talked to my doctor for real no more saying Oh Im fine.
Call your doctor about unusual changes in behavior worsening depression or thoughts of suicide.
Call your doctor if you have high fever stiff muscles and confusion to address a possible lifethreatening condition or if you have uncontrollable muscle movements as these may be permanent.
Narrator Feel better about facing the world.
Just bring it back and well remake it for free.
I used to run low on cash right before payday and not be able to do anything.
Frontline Plus trusted by vets for nearly 20 years.
Narrator Protect your pet with the number one name in flea and tick protection.
Upgrade to Air Wick.
I Dont Wanna Miss A Thing by Aerosmith Music I dont wanna close my eyes Music Music I dont wanna fall asleep Music Music Cos I miss you baby Music Music And I dont wanna miss a thing Music Oof!
This is nice.
Mm how did you make the dip so rich and creamy?
Oh its a PhiladelFamily recipe.
Can I see it?
No.
Narrator Philadelphia Dips so good youll take all the credit.
Narrator What makes DiGiornio crispy pan pizza different than delivery?
Music Pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan Music Narrator You bake it fresh in its own pan giving our DiGiorno pizza a crispy caramelized crust.
Music Pan pan pan Music Its not delivery its DiGiorno.
A member of the rock music scene is dead.
Police in Seattle say that Kurt Cobain the lead singer of the group Nirvana has taken his own life.
Narrator April 8th 1994.
Kurt Cobain is found dead at his house in Seattle with a gunshot wound to his head.
Expert coroner and forensic pathologist Dr.Michael Hunter is examining all the medical evidence available to try and work out if and why Kurt Cobain took his own life.
Suicides are rarely down to just one factor.
Theyre oftentimes a mixture of both physical and psychological conditions.
So I want to dig deeper to find out what precipitated his death.
The Excelsior Hotel Rome.
One month before Kurt Cobains death.
Kurt has arrived in Rome to meet his wife Courtney Love.
Hes just pulled out of Nirvanas European tour blaming it on bronchitis.
Kurts relationship with Courtney is also suffering with rumors of divorce.
But despite their problems they leave their daughter Frances Bean with their nanny and spend the evening drinking champagne together.
Courtney You need to do what you need to do.
Champagnes a very unKurtlike drink.
He wasnt really a big drinker at the best of times.
Champagne is more of a rockstar drink and he wasnt into that.
The couple drink into the early hours before they fall asleep.
At 625am Courtney wakes to find Kurt is no longer beside her.
Kurt?
Kurt come on wake up.
I said wake up!
When she fails to wake him she calls for help.
Hello?
Yeah I need an ambulance.
Narrator At 640am a paramedic arrives.
When he also fails to revive Kurt hes taken to the Umberto I hospital less than two miles away.
I listened to the news and they said that Courtney had found Kurt unconscious and blue which to me means thats like the color of death.
I just thought this guy is a poster boy for suicide.
I went to his grandfather Leland and I told him I was really really worried about Kurt.
I said youve got to talk to him hes going to kill himself.
Narrator It was later revealed that Kurt had left a suicide note.
He had admitted in many interviews to using heroin but had in fact overdosed on Rohypnol.
Rohypnol is a tranquilizer also known as the DateRape Drug but its also prescribed to treat heroin withdrawal.
A month later Kurt was dead leaving little clue if and why he took his own life.
But in a note found at the scene Kurt mentions and I quote his burning nauseous stomach and this is a reference to the chronic stomach pain that was so debilitating that he said it blighted his life.
So could this be the reason that he attempted suicide in Rome and finally took his life a month later?
Narrator Kurts parents marriage started to collapse when Kurt was seven.
By the time he was nine and they divorced their breakup was having a devastating effect on him.
When his parents split he started to change.
Because for any kid its not easy.
And thats sort of when the stomach pain first surfaced.
He had stomach problems from an early age and it wasnt diagnosed.
If you look at any of the sort of the seminal moments in his life that stomach pain was there.
It may very well have been that part of his condition was psychosomatic we know that being in emotional turmoil makes physical pain feel worse.
So it wouldnt be shocking to assume that his mental state did affect his physical state.
It haunted him because he couldnt function properly in everyday life.
He really felt that unless he got rid of the stomach pain basically life was over.
I can see from Kurts records that he was treated for his stomach condition and he also had three endoscopic procedures to try to determine precisely the cause of his pain.
An endoscopy is where a small camera is inserted through the mouth and then moved down the throat into the esophagus stomach and uppergastrointestinal tract.
The camera relays the images back to the screen where the doctor can see inside the body in great detail.
Narrator But despite having three endoscopic examinations the doctors could find no explanation for Kurts chronic stomach pain leading him to speculate on its causes.
Kurts Voice The reason Ive gotta endoscope they find a red irritation in my stomach its just psychosomatic thats all from anger and screaming I mean my mom had it when she was in her early 20s for a few years and it just eventually went away.
