Announcer Now ABC7 News At Noon on your side.
And we are wishing you a happy 4th of July as we come on the air at noon.
Millions all across the nation are celebrating America.
So many events happening in our area theyre happening right now.
The National Independence Day Parade is just kicking off.
That happened just a short time ago and for now it looks like the weather is cooperating but we are bracing for some storms and our Steve Rudin hes got the timing and he is tracking all of this for us.
Same to you Lindsey and we are looking at the greatest threat for those stronger storms or heavier downpours later on this afternoon into the early evening hours.
Looking downstream on the Potomac from our camera atop The Watergate Hotel we are dry right now but that is going to change over the next several hours.
Were gonna stop it for you at two oclock and look at how quickly this model has those storms popping up.
Could bring heavy rains to the District Arlington and Alexandria four pm and continue as we move into the all important six oclock seven oclock hour.
That is just part of the story with feels like temperatures now in the middle 90s.
Coming up in a few minutes an updated look at our FutureCast plus were looking ahead to the rest of the long holiday weekend.
All right Steve and we do want to talk about that just the weather is holding up so far for that National Independence Day Parade and our Nathan Baca is there.
Just how crowded is it right now?
So Nathan happy 4th of July to you.
Just to give you context heres the National Archives over here and you see some people here celebrating 4th of July.
So this is whats going on right now.
That right there is the Parade and Im gonna show you some of the floats on down the way.
Well we just to give you some context again police are telling people to stay on back.
In fact this is what some people that were visiting not only from Alexandria for the first time but also from Georgia had to say.
You see one of those bands right there.
All right now I talked about one of those bands.
That is what she was coming to hear and there are plenty more bands and plenty more floats coming on by.
So again the situation here we do have a lot more Ill say a lot more political signs a lot more political hats and advertisements that typically you would see on a 4th of July parade but a lot of folks are here just coming in from all around the country hoping to just get a good party and a good old D.C parade.
Reporting live from Constitution and Seventh Nathan Baca ABC7 News.
All right Nathan enjoy it down there and that is just one of many parades going on in our area.
The streets of Arlington it was packed there for the annual Barcroft Parade.
and this evening President Trump he is going to do his Salute to America with an independence extravaganza featuring tanks military flyovers and a speech at The Lincoln Memorial but some say the President is politicizing a national holiday.
Mona It will be the show of a lifetime President Trump has promised on Twitter ahead of his extravagant 4th of July celebration.
The Salute to America spectacle will also include multiple military flyovers and an extended fireworks show topped off with a speech from the Commander and Chief himself.
Its also sparking backlash from critics who accused the President of staging a glorified campaign rally and turning the celebration into a partisan event.
The event is free but The White House has given VIP tickets to Republican National Committee and top donors.
It reminds me of the Soviet Union.
Its unpatriotic because thats militarism is not what American patriotism is about.
As for the price tag neither the Administration nor the Pentagon has disclosed what the cost will be to taxpayers but ABC News has learned the National Park Service is reportedly diverting 2.5 million dollars from improvement projects.
President Trump adding overnight the fireworks have been donated and the cost will quote be very little compared to what it is worth and the 750000 worth of fireworks were donated by an Ohio company that lobbied the President last month to hold off on new tariffs on China.
The President announced he would do so the same day he announced the donation.
Mona Kosar Abdi ABC News Washington.
Security will be tight downtown today and tonight for Independence Day celebrations and for President Trumps Salute to America.
Each event has strict guidelines on what you can bring and what you cannot.
No weapons no alcohol not even drones or balloons are allowed and for the Salute to America no backpacks no large purses coolers or Tablets.
For a complete list you can head over to our website WJLA.com and you can find everything that you need to know for today all in one list whether youre heading to events wanting to avoid the city or watching fireworks in your neighborhood it is all on our free ABC7 News app.
we have a reminder this Independence Day that fireworks are not toys and they need to be used properly.
They like to do these demonstrations to show just how quickly things can go wrong when fireworks are not handled properly.
New data reveals that emergency rooms across the US treated more than nine thousand fireworks related injuries last year.
More than half of those injuries involving young children were caused by Sparklers.
Happening right now the 103th Annual Nathans Hot Dog Eating Contest is going on in Coney Island New York and 11 time champ Joey Chestnut looks like he might make history again.
He set a world record last year he ate 74 hot dogs in 10 minutes.
We are monitoring that and of course we will have some video for you later.
Coming up next at noon its probably the largest display of stars and stripes that youll see this holiday.
Find out where this is plus celebrating America we have got a lot more on the events happening here and around the nation.
To get instantly breaking news severe weather and traffic alerts.
Narrator Hurry in now to Value City Furniture for the 4th of July sale and save 10 to 30 off store wide or enjoy 48 months special financing on 9.99 or more with payments starting as low as 21 a month.
Finally caught up and ready for the next season.
I build personal relationships with my suppliers.
Narrator How do you celebrate the 4th of July?
President Trump tweeted that the Department of Commerce and DoJ are working hard on this holiday to keep that question.
The Justice Department is hitting reverse on its course over the Census citizenship question.
All day on ABC7 WJLA 247 News and wherever you go streaming on the ABC7 News app.
Trevor While the President is insistent the fight for the citizenship question is ongoing his comments have sparked confusion.
They only have until tomorrow to explain to the courts how they plan to comply with the Supreme Courts ruling.
Team USA now knows who they will be facing in the World Cup final on Sunday.
Its the largest flying display of the stars and stripes in the nation.
The PNC American Flag balloon was inflated this morning in Ridgefield New Jersey all in celebration of Independence Day.
The balloon is flown in the New York City area every year since then.
Yeah really big.
Yeah All rightand you have to have perfect weather for that too.
For today not gonna want to fly a hot air balloon.
Heat emergency for the District so stay hydrated and the best news of all not everyone has AC so cooling centers are now open in the District.
Do want to show you this time lapse and this is our Skylapse7 for you showing Northwest D.C and you can see actually the clouds beginning to move on in.
These clouds will eventually produce some heavier amounts of rain as we move through the afternoon hours and thats why we have a Flash Flood Watch for parts of the area.
Tidal Basin looking quiet for right now but we know those crowds are definitely going to build and then our camera atop the Watergate looking good right now although it is on the hot and humid side.
88 degrees at Reagan National this hour.
Well into the middle to upper 90s inside and around the Beltway.
Already feels like 104 degrees over Annapolis.
StormWatch7 Satellite and Radar does show a few showers developing North of Montgomery County with some heavier downpours inside the Capital Beltway.
Head off to the Cheltenham area over toward Laurel and Bowie thats where youre looking at a few showers right now but the showers and heavier downpours are going to become more prolific moving through the afternoon hours.
Heres the latest for you on the Flash Flood Watch for the District Arlington Alexandria also Fairfax and Prince William parts of Loudoun Montgomery and Prince Georges County.
As until eight oclock tonight the all important FutureCast this is our high resolution model look at the heavy rain forecast at two oclock this afternoon.
Montgomery County and at Prince Georges over toward Andrews and as we head through the three oclock hour once again the potential for torrential downpours at the District over toward North East and upper North West D.C and then well do it all over again for the five oclock and six oclock hour before things start to settle down just a little bit but some of these slow moving storms capable of producing upwards of two inches of rain over a relatively short period of time and by eleven oclock tonight a little bit of patchy fog but most of the storms are out of here.
Heres your 4th of July outlook as we move through this afternoon.
Feels like temperatures even hotter than that with feels like temperatures upper 90s to near 100 degrees.
Highs tomorrow will eventually make it into the upper 80s to around 90 degrees.
Always download your StormWatch7 Weather app or at least have it ready to go.
Its gonna come in great use later on this afternoon especially if youre going to find that perfect place to watch the fireworks not only at the National Mall but throughout the area.
Heres your seven day outlook Lindsey and we have temperatures at or above 90 degrees tomorrow and Saturday and then a little bit of a cool down but to pinpoint exactly whos going to see the heaviest of the rain our models do a pretty good job in showing that over the District and Arlington and Alexandria moving through early to mid afternoon into the early evening hours fingers crossed 2107 tonight well get all this out of here but my other concern is a low cloud deck.
And say fingers crossed hopefully all will go according I hope so.
Up next at noon seven is on your side with a health alert about sunscreen.
For all of you headed to the beach this 4th of July are your kids applying it properly?
Get up to 125 of KBB value for your trade.
With 60 savings on every living room every dining room every bedroom 60 savings plus free delivery plus up to 60 months zero interest financing plus when you buy a mattress at Marlo well donate one to a homeless veteran shelter.
Thats why seven on your side is here to help you fight back when youre taken advantage of and to give you information to make the right decisions for your family.
As families head to the beach this Independence Day we have got another reminder of how important sunscreen is.
So parents if you dont remind your kids odds are they may not be putting it on at all and when they do are they applying enough?
I dont want sunscreen on.
The American Academy of Dermatology says even one blistering childhood sunburn is a contributor to later life skin cancer.
But Holly Thaggard a former elementary school teacher and founder of her own sunscreen company Supergoop!
If youre old enough to brush your teeth and wash your hands youre old enough to do your own sunscreen.
Really?
Okay lets try.
Were using a special camera fitted with a UV Sensor.
When sunscreen goes on it shows up as black and highlights any missed spots.
We start with seven to nine year olds to see if their application is thorough.
The kids put it on then we review what they missed.
As each of these children apply none of them hit the ears and the ears are actually very vulnerable to sun damage.
Becky Another frequent miss.
Holly Children forget to apply it right on into the hairline.
Becky And something all the younger kids struggled with not using enough sunscreen.
When I come over here what do you see?
Uh I missed a lot of spots.
Becky Holly says the younger kids are afraid of getting sunscreen in their mouth or eyes.
Were missing a few critical spots right around the eye area which is often where sun damage is first detected from an aging and a skin cancer perspective.
Becky And a study showed kids using just one quarter of the amount of sunscreen needed to get the protection listed on the bottle.
Devin used a lot of sunscreen and so did Gus also an 11 year old who seemed to get the why.
I feel like I try to avoid it but I shouldnt cause I know that having a grandpa who had skin cancer so I shouldnt get it try to prevent that.
Becky But Holly says hes doing it right.
Use enough to where youre applying it so that you can see it on your skin and then rub it in until you cant see it.
