Five of the top presidential candidates are sharing the same stage tonight for town halls with young adults.
But right now its time to welcome to this very stage Senator Kamala Harris of California.
And next hour were gonna hear from Mayor Pete Buttigieg.
Weve already heard from Senators Amy Klobuchar Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders.
Hey guys hi hi.
Good to see you.
Good to be have a seat.
Thank you.
Wow theyre happy to see you.
Hi good to see you guys.
Now lets get to it because we want you to get as much out the next hour both of you.
All of you as possible so lets start with whats dominating the news right now.
Kamala Yes.
We have a question from her name is Karla Alvarado shes right there to the right.
In light of Muellers report do you believe the Democrats in Congress should reconsider their position on impeachment?
But heres how I feel about it and thank you for the question Karla.
It is very clear that there is a lot of good evidence pointing to obstruction and obstruction of justice.
And I believe very strongly first of all let me just be very clear about the table set.
I believe that we need to get rid of this president thats why Im running for to become president of the United States.
So that is part of the premise obviously of my point.
But I think we have very good reason to believe that there is an investigation that has been conducted which has produced evidence that tells us that this president and his administration engaged in obstruction of justice.
I believe congress should take the steps towards impeachment.
But I wanna say this because it doesnt end there I also wanna say this.
I am also a realist and when I look at what has been happening over the two years and some months that Ive been in the United States Senate.
Who have been presented with many reasons to push back against this president and they have not.
There will be what happens in the House an investigation that takes place.
I think we can be pretty sure that it looks like that is very likely to happen.
Ive not seen any evidence to suggest that they will weigh on the facts instead of on partisan adherence to being protective of this president.
But that doesnt mean the process should not take hold.
All right thank you Senator.
A lot of the students here at the Harvard Institute of Politics.
Hes a student at the University of New Hampshire studying history he is from Massachusetts Ben.
As a future educator Im really bothered that public schools are being targets for mass shootings.
But still two decades later no major gun control legislation has been passed.
So my question is as president how will you go about keeping our schools safe and keeping guns out of the hands of those who should not have them?
Thank you Ben and Im sure that there are plenty of students here who while you were in high school even middle school that you had to participate in a drill right.
And in our America that should never have to happen.
Who have failed to have the courage to reject a false choice.
But we need reasonable gun safety laws in this country starting with universal background checks and a renewal of the assault weapon ban.
But they have failed to have the courage to act so Ben heres my response to you.
Upon being elected I will give the United States Congress 100 days to get their act together and have the courage to pass reasonable gun safety laws.
And if they fail to do it then I will take executive action and specifically what I will do is put in place a requirement that for anyone who sells more than five guns a year they are required to do background checks when they sell those guns.
I will require that for any gun dealer that breaks the law the ATF take their license.
And by the way ATF Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms.
Part of what has happened under the current administration is they took fugitives off the list of prohibited people.
Id put them back on the list meaning that fugitives from justice should not be able to purchase a handgun or any kind of weapon.
So thats what Id do.
Don Will this be your first executive action as president?
Well it depends on what else happens thatd be after 100 days.
Lets see what happens in the first 100 days.
All right fair enough.
Angela Garrazzo is here and she is a freshman at Saint Anselm College studying International Relations.
She is from New Hampshire Angela.
Good evening Senator my question is as a college student with over 25000 of debt in my first year alone.
Do you support initiatives such as free college loan protective legislation or student repayment plans?
Yeah Angela and listen the students in New Hampshire are among the top five in the country with student loan debt.
And it is absolutely unconscionable that we have students in America who are in absolute fear about the debt that they will owe upon graduation.
And I have met and know so many students who are making decisions about their career based on their fear that they may not be able to pay their bills.
I know so many students who have graduated who are making decisions about whether or not to have a family.
We cannot afford to have a system like this especially for young people who have made an investment of their time and their resources.
So heres what Id do specifically I do support debtfree college.
I also believe that what we need to do is we need to allow students to refinance your student loan debt.
So for example if you probably none of you here but any of your older brothers and sisters.
What I am proposing is regardless of the interest rate at the time that you took out your student loans that upon repayment it would have to be at 3.5.
There is no connection between what you owe and your income.
So what I would be requiring is that there would be a robust process by which incomebased repayment would be the norm.
And finally lets look at the fact that for all of you and all of anybody who has applied for financial aid.
You guys know what Im talking about all those pages you can barely get through that form.
And so part of what we need to do is simplify that process.
But we have got to do a better job in this country because I look at something like for example teachers.
I think a lot about education in terms of every aspect of it from student loans to what we need to do to pay our teachers their value.
Right now were looking at actually a deficit of teachers based on the number of students that we need to actually teach and the few teachers we have especially rural areas.
Well let me jump in here because if students I mean teachers can pay their loans.
She said that she supports student loan forgiveness for 42 million Americans.
Would you go that far do you support that?
Well I support anything that is about reducing the debt of student loans and I think thats an important conversation to have.
Okay fair enough.
Lets move on now Ryan Wilson is here Ryan is a sophomore at Harvard studying Neuroscience in California and a supporter of Julian Castro Ryan.
My name is Ryan and Im a constituent of yours from Orange country California.
How do you respond to the 74 of Americans who wish to have the option to keep their private insurers?
Well I support Medicare for all and I support it for a number of reasons.
That include the fact that there are a lot of people in our country who simply do not have access to healthcare cause they cannot afford it.
When in fact that should be a right and not a privilege of the few who can afford it.
That is the value with which I bring to this discussion.
I will also say this on the issue of this whole dynamic about access to private insurance.
But lets not be duped by a messaging campaign that has been waged for years by the insurance companies.
To have you into believing that you need to defend them you need to defend yourself.
You know what 91 of the doctors are in Medicare.
So the idea and the suggestion theyre trying to make to you is really a false one.
You will be able to have your doctor.
91 of them are in the Medicare system.
And Ill tell you another thing and its a personal story.
She was a breast cancer researcher.
Well she got cancer and she ultimately passed away from cancer.
But if you have ever had the unfortunate experience of going through the healthcare system with someone who has an acute illness.
It is having a doctor say to you have you heard of the term anticipatory grief.
Which you hadnt heard before but when you hear it it makes perfect sense.
You have the experience of going in and out of hospitals helping someone who is frail and weak in and out of cars to get into a hospital.
You look at medical charts and sometimes the medicine jives sometimes it doesnt.
You go through the process of worrying about is there something I can cook that will make you be able to eat and hold down.
Can I get you something thats soft enough that you can wear that will not irritate your skin.
For them to also have to be concerned about how theyre going to pay that bill is unconscionable.
And thats how I feel about this subject.
Cost should not be the barrier to receiving the care that will relieve you of pain or help improve your quality of life.
And weve got to get this right thats how I feel.
Yeah.
In a January town hall when asked about your approach to universal health care you acknowledged that youd support eliminating private insurers in favor of a single payer health insurance program.
Yeah of course private insurance you can get supplemental insurance and all that.
Im gonna tell you what that is.
Which means youre starting already to grieve the loss of someone that is still around.
Sometimes people are paying attention to this is the medication that causes drowsiness.
Now thankfully our mother had Medicare but for people who are going through this process which they are every day in America.
So you mentioned the insurance companies you dont feel like you have to defend the insurance companies?
But the goal has to be and we all have to agree access to healthcare is a right and should be thought of as a right and pubic policy should create it.
And its one of the biggest issues impacting American families right now.
Such that it is a real right and not a privilege for those who can afford it.
Right I mean we can talk about the intermediate steps.
But Don I think that its really important to talk about the goal.
One out of four diabetes patients in our country cannot afford their insulin.
The number of people who sit down and make decisions about whether theyre gonna have access to healthcare or not based on money you would shocked.
Im traveling this country its one of the biggest issues.
And that drug can cost up 4000 thats unconscionable.
Listen but to be clear this bill that you cosponsored essentially phases out private insurance for four years in four years.
For whatever is not covered but lets be clear about it.
Thered still be access to supplemental insurance Okay all right.
As the main source but there would still be supplemental.
He is now a student at Saint Anselm College right here.
The Green New Deal is not a law but rather a memorandum that has no actual legislative effect.
