This week on Americas birthday known as Independence Day or simply July 4th Donald Trump threw himself a party.
 Ever since he saw that the French president has a parade its called Bastille Day and the dictator of North Korea has a parade its called Authoritarianism and that they get to have tanks and people marching in front of them and saluting them and all that stuff hes wanted to have one too.
 He tried to coopt other holidays to get his parade like Veterans Day or Memorial Day but the adults in the military kept pushing him back.
 Well no more.
 Donald Trump finally got his special Donald Trump parade. Rolling tanks down the streets of your capital flying Air Force planes over his head while he gave an odd speech about the airports the Continental Congress took control of during the Revolutionary War.
 In June of 1775 the Continental Congress created a unified army out of the revolutionary forces encamped around Boston and New York and named after the great George Washington CommanderinChief.
 The Continental Army suffered a bitter winter at Valley Forge found glory across the waters of the Delaware and seized victory from Cornwallis of Yorktown.
 Our army manned the airports it rend the ramparts it took over the airports it did everything it had to do and it fought McHenry under the rockets red glare it had nothing but victory. Okay!
 Im sure that you know this already because you paid attention in school but just so that its said the Continental Army was not named after George Washington.
 There was no air travel during the Revolutionary War.
 Airplanes werent even invented until 1903. And the Battle at Fort McHenry happened during The War of 1812! Details!
 In the end for millions of your tax dollars this what you well actually what Donald Trump got.
 On this day 243 years ago our founding fathers pledged their lives their fortunes and their sacred honor to declare Independence and defend our Godgiven rights.
 Throwing not an American president but what looks like an authoritarian leader. Festooned by his military and making a show of force to well its not really clear who. Because Donald Trump actually really likes dictators.
 Joining me now is Maria Teresa Kumar president and CEO of Voto Latino.
 Jelani Cobb professor at Columbia Journalism School Craig Unger Vanity Fair contributor and author of House of Trump House of Putin and Representative Ted Lieu Democrat from California and a member of the Foreign Affairs and Judiciary committees.
 I wanna go to you first Congressman. What did you make of it? Watching an American president do this thing that Tom Nichols whos an expert on the history of the Soviet Union and of that region described as looking like an old Soviet kind of parade.
 Thank you Joy for your question.
 Let me just first say that natural disasters like earthquakes can strike at any time and I urge everyone to be prepared with supplies and a safety plan.
 Now to answer your question one of the big problems with Trumps July 4th event is that it was a campaign event paid for by the American taxpayer.
 Not only did he divert millions of dollars to this event he also had the Republican National Committee give out passes VIP passes to major donors.
 That was outrageous.
 That was really a violation of our ethics and he made a mockery of our Independence Day.
 And thank you for mentioning whats going on in your state.
 We just saw two natural disasters in the state of California. So this is a time when the federal government actually has priorities that are important that we should be spending money on. Things like making sure that states are ready for natural disasters like you just saw in your state.
 So when you see the President of the United States diverting money so that he can have planes fly over him rather than spending the money on important things like that or maybe uncaging children which hes also doing in the state of California and Arizona and other places. As a member of Congress is there something that you guys plan to do about that?
 Because this does seem like a tremendous waste of money.
 Members of Congress cant even use official resources to participate in a parade.
 In this case Trump diverted 2.5 million of National Park fees to pay for his party. And Ive asked the Federal Election Commission to look into this because how can you have all this taxpayer money do this event and then have the Republican National Committee be involved in such a major way handing out VIP passes to their major donors.
 Yeah and besides that I wanna go to you Craig Unger. Youve written a lot about Donald Trump his Mafia sort of relationships that hes had throughout his career particularly when it comes to Russia.
 This is what Michael McFaul who is the former US Ambassador to Russia tweeted after Donald Trumps weird parade.
 He said I knew this was coming. Tweet from Julia Davis News Russias state TV is obsessively bashing Trumps low energy weak parade with rusty tanks. The hosts LOL at Trumps claim about Revolutionary War airports and other historical flubs. Theres your city upon a hill. Theres your world leader and Martians have been defeated.
 The fact is that Donald Trump not only wasted Americas money to make himself a campaign commercial but he also has subjected the United States to mockery because real dictatorships know what a dictator parade is supposed to look like Craig.
 Right well at least sometimes they get their facts straight. Its interesting that if the Russian State TV is going after Trump that doesnt happen without Vladimir Putins sayso.
 Its also interesting that clip you showed the number of historical errors and it is just extraordinary and the White House has an office of speech writing with lots of researchers and interns and they factcheck things. And there are only three possibilities for that level of transcendental stupidity to take place.
 One is that that office is completely filled with people with room temperature IQ. The other is that all the procedures have fallen apart and they dont exist anymore. And the third possibility is it sprung from the brain of Donald Trump and that is deeply deeply disturbing.
 Theres a lot about it thats disturbing Jelani. I wanna go to you on this Im glad that youre here just to have an historical context to all of this. He seems to really admire Kim Jong Un.
 Donald Trump really admires dictatorships around the world.
 All of the media has been saying that this is supposed to be sort of his version of the Bastille Day ceremony.
 But I pointed out earlier this week on MSNBC the whole Bastille Day thing is about sending a message to dictators.
 Thats what the whole Bastille Day parade is about.
 This is clearly not that because Donald Trump likes dictators.
 Thats not what youre trying to send a message doing.
 So in your mind what is this what was the message of what you saw I dont know if you watched it but what was the message that you think came out of what Donald Trump did this week?
 Oh it was pure and grandiosity and selfinflation. And so one of the things I think thats significant here is that the United States at least in theory is supposed to operate on the doctrine that we are a nation of laws that no one is above the law and that the constitution is the fundamental authority.
 That is a different position fundamentally different position than a state in which the personality or the authoritarian leader is the head of all interests and ideas within the state. And so what Donald Trump did was essentially hijack this idea and turn it into something that was supposed to glorify himself.
 This kinda interesting paradox here which is that several years ago I did a Fulbright Fellowship and I spent an entire semester in Moscow teaching at Moscow State University and at the end of the semester there was the May 9th Celebration.
 Anybody who has been to Russia or knows about their history post World War II May 9th is a gigantic celebration that happens each year somewhere between the 4th of July and New Years and it is a recognition of the Soviet defeat of the Nazi threat an existential threat that confronted them during World War II.
 So its a huge and Im able to be there for the parade and theres just this kind of complete procession of military vehicles.
 There are missiles there are tanks there are armored vehicles there are Jeeps and it looks like an army amassing for an invasion.
 And so someone turns to me and says do you do the same thing in the United States on the 4th of July.
 I said no this would never happen in the United States because they in the United States believe we believe that there should be a really clear distinction between civilian authority and military might and that our authority is supposed to at least in theory stem from our laws and our moral beliefs.
 And what Donald Trump did was essentially invert that to create it as a kind of satirical almost emulation of something that he sees in Vladimir Putin. We should recognize this as the antidemocratic movement that it actually was.
 Yeah Maria Teresa theres an example.
 I mean Eugene Robinson made a similar point when he talked about the fact that Trump tried to make himself look big by doing this piece.
 A little bit of what Eugene what he wrote it was clear from the beginning that Independence Day meant nothing more to Trump than an opportunity to choreograph a made for television reelection event and give himself an obscenely expensive ego message.
 It invoked mockery.
 Theres a cartoon were gonna show here thats drawn on what airplanes would look like during the Revolutionary War.
 Its a picture of Ben Franklin attached to two kites there it is and this is by somebody I know. This is by the great Natalie Johnson who drew that.
 Heres the reality Donald Trump it seems wants to be seen as this big man. He wants to be seen as this grand leader of this great military but what he actually can accomplish through his own the quality of the staff that he has around him is he cant do that. He cant do what Jelani just talked about right?
 The reality was right even in the case of Russia which now is an adversary of the United States during World War II they were fighting the Nazis.
 So if theyre doing a big celebration and talking about defeating the Nazi Empire theyre sort of sending a message again to dictators.
 There are only two kinds of these parades. Theres that and theres the one like in North Korea.
 Trump is tying to do it because I think he thinks hes emulating it he doesnt even know how.
 Or really why!
 This is to Maria. We dont have to show that type of display of force because the world already knows it. And what I found so disappointing when it came to the July 4th is July 4th is to commemorate our roots as Americans. Where we come from the fact that we may have fled different countries or we came here because we recognize that. Our Americanism our DNA is this idea that were a nation of immigrants and we have strength and we dont have to show military might because the world already knows it.
 Were the largest military operators in the world.
 And what Donald Trump did was such a sad display because he didnt have the courage to actually join the military when his card was up.
 He instead deferred on bone spurs. And so he basically not only deteriorates the flag but also the meaning of what it means to be an American and what it means to be July 4th what it means to come together as a nation.
 The reason that presidents dont show up on July 4th and dont make it about them is because its one country under one flag and one unity.
 Its not supposed to be partisan and what instead he did is he created a campaign rally trying to differentiate and divide us and what I espouse and what I think was really beautiful is that you still saw families on that lawn saying Im apolitical Im here to share it with my families.
 And thats what we should remind people of what July 4th is.
 We dont have to show military might we dont have to scare the world we know what we are we know who we are and we know that we do it with justice.
 The fact that he can do this in the backdrop of caging children that is not who we are and the more that we can actually make sure that we are standing strong to those values despite about what I call this aberration in our history we have to make sure that we are very clear minded of what it means to be American and what it means to be democratic and what it means to be fair and just.
 Yeah very quickly just let everybody go through one last chance. The worst part of it is that had this actually not been an inept display of pseudoauthoritarianism we still would have looked weaker. When the Russians look at us theyre already laughing at us. Are they his friends or is he now a subject of even mockery to them? Im gonna give you the last word Congressman because you are a member of the Air Force I believe.
 Jelani do you think that what you saw what Donald Trump made us look stronger or weaker as a country? Oh absolutely weaker. Yeah very quickly and to go to you Craig. Donald Trump thinks theyre his best friends. As a person who actually did serve unlike Donald Trump when you saw tanks rolling down the nations capital your thoughts were what?
 If he had done this correctly in air quotes correctly we would have looked weaker. Well I think he is subject to mockery and I think Jelani is absolutely right. Its by the Lincoln Memorial our original sin was slavery we had a Civil War and this is where we were supposed to have reconciliation and instead today we have images of tanks and the whole crisis at the border.
 But now we look doubly weak because it is a poor imitation of something that was never meant to be imitated in the first place. Youve served in the military. Having served in active duty in the military weve been trained to not participate in partisan campaign events.
 The images that come away from it today are that we have concentration camps on the border we have tanks by the Lincoln Memorial. The mall is there was an interesting piece in the Washington Post. The architecture is about reconciliation.
 There was a Department of Defense directive that prohibits military members from showing up in uniform at a campaign rally.
 This was a massive taxpayerfunded campaign rally with the Republican National Committee handing out VIP passes. It really eroded what should be a nonpartisan military and that was sad and disappointing. Maria Teresa is gonna be back.
 Thank you all for being here and sending out really good thoughts to your state Congressman Lieu. Thank you very much all of you.
 Jelani Cobb Craig Unger and Congressman Ted Lieu thank you guys very much and coming up as Donald Trump celebrated himself on the 4th of July people looking for a better future were locked in cages on our southern border. Great more on that next.
 Announcer Everyone loves the benefits of compression socks but theyre just so hard to get on until now!
 Introducing the all new Copper Fit Energy Socks.
 Redesigned for the first ever easy on easy off fit to help reduce swelling relieve tired aching muscles and provide energizing support. A new blend of stretch fabric for the most comfortable easy on easy off compression fit. Being a SWAT Commander were trained to win. The Copper Fit Energy Socks they didnt feel like other compression sock.
 It totally exceeded my expectations. Im so excited about this sock. They just slip right on yet they still have that same compression that you want. These were fantastic. A lot of compression socks are a little too thin especially for what I do.
 Announcer Our most powerful copperinfused fabric woven into our easy on easy off compression sock to help reduce swelling discomfort from prolonged sitting or standing. For increased support and relief of muscle aches and pains. Announcer A soft cushion foot bed for all day comfort. Im on my feet at least nine or 10 hours a day. With Copper Fit I can wear these every day.
 Im 38 and 12 weeks pregnant. Copper Fit Energy Socks works beautifully. Announcer Extra support around the arch and ankles.
 Im so much more energized to go do things after a day of work.
 Announcer Feel more energized feel more active just feel better.
 They just hug your leg. It relieves all the pressure that you have. I have so much energy I can go. Hey you wanna dance. Ive never felt anything like it before.
 Announcer The first ever easy on easy off compression sock the most comfortable compression sock you will ever wear.
 Get your Copper Fit Energy socks now online at getenergysocks.com for only 19.99. Call 18002908143.
 Order right now and well include a second pair of compression socks free.
 No more pain no more swelling no more achy tired feet.
 I can never go back to regular compression socks again. Announcer Dont settle for ordinary. Ask for the original by name. Coach its kinda hard to see the ball.
 Ive been there.
 I had a TV service with hardly any sports in 4K.
 Couldnt see any of the quality details.
 I switched to DIRECTV. Now I get the most live sports in 4K.
 So how does that help me?
 It really doesnt I dont know why I told you that.
 Go get em sport.
 Announcer Live sports that arent in 4K are just kinda TV. Dont just kinda TV DIRECTV.
 Dont have 4K call 1855WATCH4K and ask for it today.
 Announcer This summer all eyes will be on the US Womens National Team in the FIFA Womens World Cup.
 Over 153 hours of coverage.
 Live from France the 2019 FIFA Womens World Cup on Fox FS1 and FS2.
 Dont miss all 52 matches of the FIFA Womens World Cup live in stunning 4K on DIRECTV.
 If you dont have 4K ask for it today. Announcer Download the TouchNote app now.
 How do you know how to run when youve never done anything remotely like this before? Do you think that we should keep troops in Afghanistan? Where do you see your party right now?
 Were prepared to do it in a novel way in an original way and we wanna make sure that were writing our own playbook. I do not and I believe that we need to do it though in a responsible way.
 Its going to be how do we think government should work and who do we think government should work for?
 What we saw today was unconscionable. Never forget the image of being in a cell and seeing 15 women tears coming down their faces as they talked about being separated from their children about having no running water.
 No child should ever be separated from their parent. In fact one of the women said that she was told by an agent to drink water out of the toilet.
 The mothers the abuelas the tias the madres that I sat with who wept openly in our arms.