 Narrator Right now at 11 tracking the storm.
 From the FOX 5 Weather App to Facebook.
 We are tracking another system.
 Narrator Were taking you step by step through this winter storm approaching in just hours.
 Our team coverage continues with preparations for the storm.
 Why some road crews are actually encouraged by Sues forecast.
 Narrator Plus a bathroom debate and a fight for student rights goes viral.
 How Virginia ended up back in the national spotlight.
 Your news starts now.
 Were gonna begin tonight with a winter weather watch for much of the DC region.
 Snow sleet and freezing rain are all on the menu and this winter mix could be nasty especially during the morning commute.
 Its prompted just about every school district here to cancel class tomorrow along with the federal government.
 All of those closures are listed of course at the bottom of your screen.
 For now though lets get right to Sue Palka for a breakdown of when the first flakes will start falling. Sue?
 Hi there Sarah. I think its gonna be anytime between about four and six in the morning here around the Beltway and yeah its morning snow and a messy icy mix tomorrow afternoon.
 Unfortunately this does not stay all snow which would be the better scenario.
 Its easier to get rid of.
 Ice causes so many problems.
 But it does look like we are going to see that changeover. As we start with snow that we now see showing up especially south of Interstate 64 that will continue to spread from southwest to northeast over our area and by the time you wake up tomorrow morning by sunrise I think you will see snow outside.
 This is all starting to push up.
 Now we do not expect much accumulation for southern Virginia.
 Theyll start with a little bit. It will quickly changeover down there. Out here the changeovers a little later.
 But quite a sprawling system all the way up to the plains across St.Louis to Cincinnati and now here into the midAtlantic and we will be dealing with it for many hours tomorrow.
 We did have to take our snow totals down a little bit today based on the model output and the faster changeover to sleet and freezing rain.
 Were still gonna go with the three to five inches.
 It could be closer to the three inches though with snow because the changeover now appears as though itll be sometime in the late morning.
 We could get a rate of snow one inch per hour for a few hours in the morning and thats where youll get your pile up but unfortunately for all of our area this may end especially in the northern and western suburbs. So we wrap it up with a quick look at your planner.
 Everybody west of 95 has to watch for the potential for significant icing as the temperature begins to the temperature a lot begins to rise and changes that snow over to that combination of sleet and freezing rain.
 Could a quarter inch of ice be possible in some of these areas? We think that is.
 And that may occur early in the afternoon and continue until about the time of the evening rush hour.
 8 am 30 degrees its snowing.
 By the noon hour were at 32. Were mixing across much of the area. Maybe northern Maryland not quite yet or western Maryland.
 By four oclock it should be raining here at DC but possibly still freezing rain in our far Northern and Western suburbs.
 Much more to come including our hour by hour feature cast just ahead. Sarah.
 Sarah Well crews have already hit the roads laying sand salt and brine.
 Now they are literally standing by waiting for the wallop so they can get to work on thousands of miles of roadway.
 Our team coverage of this approaching winter storm continues.
 FOX 5s Lauren DeMarco joins us from Fairfax now with the very latest out there.
 Lauren.
 Sarah its incredible to watch these guys do their work filling up truck after truck with salt and sand.
 They are heading out to the interstates from this saltdom in Fairfax and they are asking for help from the public tomorrow when all of this wet stuff starts coming down.
 If everybody stays home hang out watch the Channel Five it would be great for us.
 Stay home stay home stay home.
 As its gonna be pretty nasty throughout the day tomorrow and into tomorrow nights rush so were really asking the folks to stay off the roads if at all possible.
 Sarah A unified message from transportation and highway officials in Virginia Maryland and the district.
 For folks who do venture out I dont know why they would do that we want them to obviously fall behind our snow plows.
 Sarah Thousands of plows and salt trucks are being deployed across the region loading up and getting in place over night.
 Preparations actually began over the last few days with crews pretreating highways local roads and known trouble spots with liquid brine and officials are encouraged by the forecast.
 Its gonna be coming in as snow from what were hearing which is beautiful in terms of interacting with the brine and were gonna have 3000 trucks out starting overnight to be able to push the snow out of the way as you see theyre starting to roll through here.
 Sarah Anyone who has to be out is urged to prepare with an emergency supply kit charged cell phone and full tank of gas.
 Plenty of people heading that advice at Costcos popular gas station on Westox Road in Fairfax.
 Its crazy its always busy here but todays extremely busy.
 People think that the sky is gonna fall.
 I think people dont wanna get stuck.
 Sarah Over at Home Depot people stocking up on ice melt shovels and other usual necessities.
 What Im concerned about is how much snow were gonna get.
 I have three boys so theyre gonna be working.
 So between snow freezing rain or at least freezing precipitation and then possibly some ice this is expected to impact the next three rush hours.
 Vedot told me tonight that because this is starting with snow and its expecting to accumulate they will be in the subdivisions as well and they and all of the area officials are asking that in your neighborhood try to park in a driveway or all on one side of the road that way the plows have an easier time getting by.
 Back to you in the studio.
 Several area schools are already out of snow days in fact tomorrows storm will send more schools over their days budgeted for weather cancellations.
 Montgomery Country used its two make up days already.
 Howard County used its four make up days if they have to miss any more the school district will have to appeal to the State Board of Education and ask for forgiveness or make adjustments to the school calendar.
 Fairfax Prince William Loudoun and Anne Arundel County Schools all have days to spare.
 Sarah The storm is forcing Metro to adjust bus and rail service.
 Trains will run every 12 minutes in the morning to allow workers to deice the tracks.
 The schedule could change as the weather unfolds during the day.
 Metro Bus will operate under severe snow service plans.
 So that means buses will provide limited service on major roadways only and Metro access will only provide return trips home for customers between four a.m.and seven p.m.All other trips will be canceled.
 And remember you can track the weather 247 on the FOX 5 Weather app.
 You can also get the latest on FOX 5 Morning beginning at 4 a.m.Another life lost on what is being called the highway of death.
 Juan Castillo was killed last night on Indian Head Highway route 210 in Acookeek Maryland.
 Now the circumstances around the crash that killed Kim are similar to a crash that killed three children on that same road back in December.
 FOX 5s Lindsay Watts spoke with Castillos heartbroken family. Lindsay.
 Shunning that crash last night and the one in December drivers were stopped at a red light here on Indian Head Highway when another vehicle came barreling up from behind and crashed into their car.
 We have told you about all of the efforts to make Indian Head Highway safer but police say it also falls on drivers to pay attention when theyre behind the wheel.
 I feel hes my daddy.
 I love him so much and Im gonna miss him.
 Lindsay One minute as Castillo was a father and grandfather.
 He was driving with a family member Monday night about six miles from his home in Waldorph.
 My brotherinlaw is driving the car.
 Sarah This is what happened to that vehicle a Ford Escape.
 According to police it was stopped at a red light on Indian Head Highway on Barry Road in Accokeek.
 Investigators say a female driver didnt stop plowing in to the Escape.
 Menedez Castillo died at the hospital.
 Although his family had only recently moved here from Virginia they were all well aware of 210s notoriety.
 Menedez Castillo saw news coverage of the horrifying crash that claimed the life of three children.
 When I saw that accident pass on December he say oh my God everybody has to be careful that street is danger.
 Lindsay Prince Georges County Police have ramped up enforcement on the highway issuing 3700 citations in just the last months and a half.
 There was a DUY checkpoint earlier this month.
 The county is working to get state funding to improve the road and a bill advancing in Indianapolis would add up to seven roving speed cameras.
 Right now there is only one permanent speed camera on 210.
 I think theyre doing everything I can think of.
 Lindsay The road is such a hazard theres a community group devoted to making it safer.
 Ron Weiss is part of that.
 When we think of 210 as our main street and its just not a good feeling when you go out on your main street and worry about being killed. The expansion will create a new tworink arena.
 Lindsay He says these recent fatal crashes have been preventable and its up to drivers to take back control. If the group raises three million of the 30 million expansion budget by next February the city will sign the contract to start the project. Announcer Well from the ice to the ball field the Washington Nationals had their first squad spring training workout today.
 Back here live now the crash last night is still under investigation. The Nets play their first practice game in four days in West Palm Beach Florida. Looks like the weathers a lot nicer there.
 Police are trying to find out why that female driver didnt stop. Tonight police are looking for a silver Hyundai that might be connected to the shooting.
 Back to you.
 Sarah New at 11 now Virginia House Democrats today said they are treating the sexual assault allegations against Lieutenant Governor Justin Fairfax seriously.
 In a statement they said we respect all survivors and believe they should be fully heard. Sian parents and school leaders met tonight to talk about solutions to what the principal called a racist act. More coming up. Each of us have gifts that express themselves in different ways.
 In response the attorney for accuser Meredith Watson said apparently the Virginia House Democratic Caucus believes that courageous victims of rape need to be heard just not by them. Some Montgomery County High School students have been encouraging other students to use a racial slur and of course its stirring some controversy. Evan Lambert is working on that story tonight. Evan. Sarah Former President Obama is heading up an alliance to support young men of color. Well take you to Oakland for the first My Brothers Keeper summit.
 Miss Watson is counting on the General Assembly to do the right thing and hold hearings now. Catch The Final 5 tonight at 1130.
 Sarah The gunman who shot up a car outside a popular ice arena in the district is still on the run tonight. Good news for Southeast DC families who rely on the Fort Dupont Ice Arena the citys only fullsize public indoor ice rink will get a much needed facelift thanks to a deal reached between Mayor Bowser and the friends of Fort Dupont ice arena the nonprofit that runs that rink. By the way Net superstar Bryce Harper is not on the field hes a free agent right now and still has not signed with the team. And coming up tonight on The Final 5 Bernie Sanders is back for another Democratic Primary so what does this announcement mean for the presidential race and what will be different from his 2016 campaign?
 The shooting happened this afternoon near the Fort Dupont Ice Arena in the Southeast.
 The gunman shot two men and a child one man is critical the other two are expected to be okay.
 Music Goodbye my friend Music Music Will I ever love Music Announcer Wendy Wednesday.
 Our hot talk allstars lay it all on the table. Plus Dina Lohan is here. Tomorrow at 11 on FOX 5. Announcer Your Ford Dealers Presidents Day sales event was just extended through February 28th. Save on Americas best selling trucks for 42 years straight with 0 for 72 months plus 1500 bonus cash on F150. Show me The Crown. Show me Homecoming. Babys last videos on YouTube.
 Thats right were making it easier than ever to get in to any new Ford. But dont wait because these Presidents Day offers end February 28th. Now extended an extra 500 for Government employees affected by the shut down. Amy do you mind giving someone else a turn? Oh yeah Ive made myself a little comfortable here. I got a pizza for Amy. Yes thats me.
 Hurry to your local Ford dealer for best selection. Its your last change for zero for 72 plus 1500 bonus cash or choose 11350 total savings on select F150s. Get huge savings on our full lineup of cars and SUVs. Hyundai is also making some history of its own. The Hyundai Kona has been named the 2019 North American Utility Vehicle of the Year. Incredible vehicles monumental savings. Get a Santa Fe for zero percent APR plus 500 bonus cash. Or 3000 cash back.
 Announcer The Hyundai Presidents Sales event is going on now. Find yours during the Hyundai Presidents Day sales event going on now.
 Announcer Xfinity lets you search Netflix Prime Video and YouTube with the sound of your voice.
 And I dont have my wallet so.
 Announcer Its simple easy awesome. Switch to Xfinity and get started with this great offer.
 Plus ask about 4K Ultra HD and packages that include Netflix. Announcer Choose to go out in style this winter. Choose the Versatile XT5. Current NGM owners and lessons get this low mileage lease on this 2019 Cadillac XT5 from 439 per month. Announcer Fourth of July has its fireworks. Christmas gifts.
 Click call or visit a store today.
 But what about Presidents Day. Sian school officials found the passes on February 8th at Winston Church Hill High School in Patomac Maryland.
 Lets just say the voters will be very happy. Hurry to your local Ford dealers for best selection during the Presidents Day sales event. Plus Maryland and Virginia suing the president over the national emergency. Then tomorrow expect school delays and closings with the upcoming winter storm. This is what the passes looked like. Theyre based on a meme of a Willy Wonka Golden Ticket.
 Announcing our best offers on Americas best selling brand. You gotta love democracy. Well keep you updated with our team coverage and weather and traffic on the 5s. Tomorrow on FOX 5 Morning.
 Through February 28th only get four thousand total cash on select Ford SUVs. Tonight concerned parents and students wanted to hear what the schools plan was to discourage racist language and acts.
 Today on FOX 5 Morning we talked to the first ever woman police chief in Fairfax City. The holder according to the ticket gets permission to use the N word.
 Students at a Montgomery County High School have been encouraging other students to use a racial slur. Some students have actually been sharing a card that gives other students a pass to use the N word. Tonight administrators and parents met to talk about solutions.
 FOXs Evan Lambert is here now with the latest. Evan.
 Tonight school officials said they have come up with a plan to be rolled out in phases to turn the episode into a teachable moment.
 Students would be educated about racism and equality. A group of about 40 student leaders have already met about how they can talk to other students.
 Many parents thought using the students own voices to educate each other would be most effective.
 I mean we all came here thinking that there was a plan in play and there is a lot of brainstorming going on which is good but at the end of the day I think that its gonna take way more than that.