 with Kelly and Ryan.
 Today we catch up with Kate Hudson and Mr. Worldwide Pitbull.
 Plus straight from the big screen actor Winston Duke and a performance from Daughtry all next on Live.
 Dua Lipas Electricity plays And now here are Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest.
 cheers and applause Ryan Hello!
 Ryan Good morning. cheers and applause Good morning.
 music continues cheers and applause I like that one.
 Electricity right?
 A little Dua Lipa there in the game.
 Kelly Hey it is Wednesday July 3 2019.
 It is my dads birthday today!
 cheers and applause Ryan Happy birthday Joe Ripa. Kelly Happy birthday Joe Ripa.
 Its a big one.
 Im not gonna blow up your age.
 Ryan Does he have a traditional celebration?
 Kelly Well you know every year he likes to say that they do fireworks and they have a big cookout but Im like Thats pretty much everybody.
 Ryan You know that was for me.
 That was for me that whole thing up in the sky.
 Well my greatest memory of your father is he and I laying on a chaise lounge in the Bahamas together with him giving me life advice and guidance and asking if I wanted representation by him to negotiate my next deal.
 laughter He was gonna be my union member.
 Kelly It was the sweet he was Gelman Joe was trying to unionize. Kelly It washe was to unionize us.
 He was telling us that we needed to unionize.
 And I said We are in a union Dad.
 Webelieve it or not we are in a union.
 Ryan I felt like he accepted me in that moment.
 Kelly He really did.
 The two of you were so Ryan Right?
 Kelly I have pictures of that and theyre some of my favorite memories because you two are so funny together the two of you.
 Because you take on my dads personality when you talk to my dad. Soyouyeah.
 Ryan I became I became stern.
 Kelly Yeah.
 Ryan I became my voice got deeper.
 laughter Ryan I find when I talk to like athletes too I do the same thing.
 Kelly Right.
 Ryan Like I So how was the game?
 laughter And you always say to my dad Joe Ripa. Ryan Joe Ripa.
 Kelly Yeah its like you puff up and then youre like Joe You call him both names... Ryan Joe Ripa.
 Kelly Which most people do.
 Most people call me both names.
 Ryan Kelly Ripa.
 Yeah well its like one I mean come on.
 YouKelly Ripa.
 Theres Kelly Ripa. Theres Kelly Ripa.
 Kelly Ripa from the park.
 Kelly But I mean before this show Im going back to high school. Ryan Kirripa.
 Kelly I was both names. Ryan Kirripa.
 Kelly Well Ryan Kirripa. Kelly Well youre laughter Ryan Imlisten. If your Kelly Youre making me more of a sound than laughter Ryan Well happy Fourth of July Kirripa.
 Kelly Thank you.
 chirps Ryan I was reading this about you know thank you for tuning in the morning.
 I dont know what your morning routines are your morning habits are. But theres a whole article on surprising morning habits that can give you more anxiety.
 And just by reading it I got more anxiety.
 Kelly Right of course.
 Just you saying the word anxiety... Ryan Gives you Kelly Gave me anxiety.
 Ryan Cortisols releasing right now isnt it?
 Kelly Right now yeah.
 Ryan Is cortisol releasing into your system?
 Ryan Let it out.
 Kelly Thats why I stopped wearing pants with a zipper.
 laughter Yeah cant do it.
 Ryan Thats the reason. Kelly Thats the reason.
 I cant do it.
 work in live TV and have a waistband.
 laughter No waist anymore.
 Im like Forget it.
 The cortisol spikes its not gonna affect me cause my dress is just gonna widen.
 laughter Ryan Do you jumpthey say its bad for you to jump right out of bed.
 Like to get right out of bed is bad.
 It causes a spike in all of that.
 Kelly Well... Ryan Do you jump right out or do you lay there for I lay there and moan for a minute.
 laughter Kelly I usually set Snooze.
 I do one snooze. But Ryan I find it to be painful.
 Kelly The snooze?
 Its like I hit Snooze but the whole time Im quasiawake knowing that Ryan Its coming.
 But see that gives me anxiety knowing its coming.
 Kelly I just burped and that gave me anxiety.
 Ryan By the way... laughter Can I say that garlic smells great.
 Kelly Oh no its not.
 Its not garlic.
 Ryan No I know.
 You toI know its not garlic. Lets see.
 Doing household chores gives you anxiety so quit.
 Kelly Wait that gives you anxiety Household chores?
 Gelman Well knowing you Ryan At the start of your dayat the start ofthis is all at the beginning of the day.
 Kelly Oh theyre saying dont do it at the start of the day.
 Ryan Yeah dont do it at the beginning of the day.
 Dont look at your work email the second you get out of bed.
 Dont look at your todo list.
 Dont skip breakfast.
 Kelly groans I mean I doI do all of that. Ryan I know. I know.
 Kelly I do every Ryan But you get to wear a dress and its all fine.
 Kelly Well I mean they make it look fine.
 I liken myself to a Westminster show dog.
 laughter Yeah it looks very fluffy on the outside but on the inside its like Is this done yet?
 Are we over? laughter Can we justcan you please put me back in my cage?
 laughter I justI dont want to I dont wa tbere the judges right now.
 laughter Ryan I do find looking at the phoneI try not to do it first thing which is hard sometimes.
 Because youre turning off your alarm and then Kelly I have to look at it because usually hes either texted me or youve texted me over some thing thats happened in the middle of the night.
 Ryan Some inane thing.
 Kelly Yeah some thing that has happened.
 So I have to check it first thing in the morning.
 Um you know its not just my dads birthday today okay?
 I want you to know its also another national holiday.
 Ryan What is it?
 Gelman A special day.
 Kelly And I believe it could become an international holiday if we get it trending here.
 It is national compliment your mirror day.
 Gelman Oh my goodness.
 cheers and applause Yes.
 cheers and applause Lady in the front row is like No it is not.
 Like Oh yes it is.
 You want to know how it works?
 Watch this.
 Gelman Okay.
 Kelly Okay you you hold this.
 Ryan Im not complimenting a picture of me.
 Kelly Holdhold it.
 Gelman Just come on.
 Kelly Gelman do you want to do it too and Ill read?
 Gelman Sure I can do it. Yeah.
 Kelly You stand next to Ryan I want to see Ryan Gelman celebrates this every day.
 Kelly Oh I know.
 Trust me I know.
 Gelman Yeah.
 Kelly Heres what you do everybody.
 Stand in front of your mirror with your eyes closed.
 Thats the key. Ryan Thats the key.
 Kelly Close your eyes.
 Ryan Turn the lights off.
 No.
 Kelly Isnt the picture of the person in the mirror absolutely stunning? Gelman Oh yes.
 laughter Ryan Whos making love to themself over here?
 What?
 laughter What is going on? Kelly Dont make the special holiday be overovershadowed by the Fourth of July. Gelman No.
 Im feeling very positive.
 Ryan I have to tell you I Kelly Make sure you compliment your mirror for displaying the beautiful person Ryan Oh gag.
 Gelman Thank you mirror.
 laughter What a great mirror you are.
 laughter Ryan Gag gag gag.
 Gelman Youre my favorite mirror.
 Youre a good mirror.
 Kelly Okay Gelman.
 laughter Ryan Goodbye.
 Kelly Thank you Gelman.
 cheers and applause Ryan I was reading this article about smartphones at the gym.
 I guess you know a lot ofif you go to the gym and work out the gyms want you to post that youre working out at the gym because they get good free publicity and marketing.
 Kelly Well especially your gym where all the models go.
 cheers Kelly It looks like a Victorias Secrets shoot every timeIm like Oh theres Ryan at his gym again. Ryan Hey look.
 Its the only gym that has enough weight for me so laughter Gelman Threepounders?
 laughter Ryan Yeah I have the little pink ones you hold.
 laughter Kelly They sha they make sounds.
 Ryan Yeah they make shaker sounds.
 Ryan Its got some Daddy Yankee music.