so they had to remove the bone, like, the skull.
Francesca?
Yes.
If I followed normal protocol on this, you would end up with no car.
This is the courtroom of Judge Frank Caprio where people and cases are met with compassion. A different kind of judge. A courtroom like no other. This is "Caught in Providence."
Who's Mr. Holder?
Uh, this is Mr. Holder, Your Honor.
And, and are you here with him?
Uh, yes, I'm his counselor at the Riverwood program.
Okay, and who's gonna do the speaking?
Uh, I am at Mr. Holder's request.
All right, what do you wanna tell me about this?
Uh, basically, he received the ticket on Sunday morning.
Uh, it's not at all his first parking-- Saturday.
I'm sorry?
Saturday morning, I'm sorry.
It's not at all his first ticket.
He's had, he's had 31 tickets.
Uh, obviously, I'm his counselor for significant reasons.
At the same time, it's something that we're working on engagingly with Mr. Holder.
And, uh, truthfully, speaking, the tickets are becoming further and further apart.
Uh, he happened to have been parked across from Burnside Park in front of the old Bank of America building. On this particular morning, uh, he was attending a church service.
Sometimes he goes there also to meet up with his daughter who's currently in a homeless situation.
Uh, so we are hoping that, uh, Your Honor could find the reason hopefully to waive this and know that we're working actively in terms of keeping this from happening.
Is he homeless now?
Uh, currently speaking, he lives with his father at an assisted living residence in East Providence. But, uh, actually, we have an appointment next week with the Gateway group to hopefully line up housing-- affordable housing in North Providence.
Tell me about the program. I don't know what the program is about.
Um, we're a social services agency. We're under the Horizon Group. We have two locations. One in Providence, one in Warren, Rhode Island, uh, you know, in the East Bay area.
Uh, Mr. Holder's been a longtime client of ours and whatnot. I've been working as his counselor for about the last nine months.
What's the name of the program?
Riverwood, one word.
Are you familiar with that?
No, but I am familiar with Horizon, uh, I have heard of that.
It's basically human services and social work, primarily the role of the Providence program is to provide, uh... affordable housing for low-income individuals.
Based on your representation, I'm gonna dismiss it.
Thank you.
But I want Mr. Holder to know that... this doesn't give you a license in the future to say, "It's okay, I'll bring my counselor down and I can get out and get way with it", okay? I'm doing this based on his representation.
Do you understand that?
You explain it to him when he gets out 'cause he's homeless, okay? All right.
It's our intention to avoid it if at all possible. Thank you, Your Honor.
Okay.
I'm just trying to see if he gives me attitude.
Despite what you may be thinking, I believe this motorist actually made two wise choices in court today. The first having his social worker speak for him.
Can you imagine what would've happened if he had opened his mouth?
I think he'd still be enjoying the hospitality of one of our local correctional institutions.
The second is that he waited until he passed Inspector Carignan before he disrespected the Judge.
Trust me, that may have been the wisest move of his life.
Anthony Michael Giacobbi. Good morning, Mr. Giacobbi.
Good morning, sir.
What do your friends call you? They call you Tony? A.M.? What do they call you?
I can't say what they call me.
I expected that kind of an answer.
You're from, uh... Where are you from, Nevada?
Yes, sir.
Yeah?
What are you doing in Rhode Island?
What am I doing?
I moved back here, stupidly.
Are you calling me stupid?
I was thinking about it, but I...
Listen, I'm gonna tell you something. That's not nice.
Mr. Giacobbi, uh... You're charged with going through red light on Allens Avenue and Terminal Street. We watching these today?
We should watch it.
Yes.
All right. Here's what we're gonna do, Mr. Giacobbi. I'm gonna watch it.
Now there are two lines on Allens Avenue. There are two stop lines. If you are past the first stop line when the light turns red, I'll dismiss it. If you're not past it, it's gonna cost you 85 bucks. We're gonna take a look at it. Look up here.
It's already red, Judge. Show the time light. It was r red for 16.2 seconds, Judge.
If I look at this... this every day and... I'm supposed to know that when the light clicks three times that it's red. Supposed to know that. I think we're all supposed to know that.
So, they send me this kind of a video in a court of law. I can't tell what color the light is. I know it changed three times, Inspector Quinn, but it went from white to white to white.
No, it didn't change at all, Judge.
It stayed... red according to the notice. But according to the video, I agree with you, Judge. I couldn't determine... No.
The answer is I am not convinced by clear and convincing evidence. They didn't present clear and convincing evidence to me that the light was red. I never saw red on the screen. I saw it all white.
I know it changed three times, but I don't know when it changed three times what color it was.
That's a very long story. But the result is that I'm gonna dismiss the case because the city has failed to prove by clear and convincing evidence that you went through a red light.
Now is there anything you wanna say?
Thank you.
Oh.
He's never told me what your friends call you.
What do you friends call you? They call you Tony? They all you Anthony? What do they call you? (bleep) hole.
His middle name.
Thank you, sir.
Well, I guess we had it coming. The Judge did ask him three times what his friends called him. Based on his response, we know he wasn't lying. He really is an (bleep) hole.
Jose Horentos.
Good morning, Your Honor.
You had a parking ticket on Thayer Street, sir.
Yes, um...
That day I wasn't driving the car. I was just getting out of the hospital 'cause I had brain surgery. And my son literally parked at the corner of CVS and I got in the car. And the lady said, "You know, you can't park. There's a fire hydrant." And I said, "All right, I understand, I had brain surgery, I had my helmet on." And then she says, "Yeah, sure." She didn't really believe me.
I got in the car, and then, you know, we left. And then I got the mail and the ticket. She didn't even give us a ticket on the windshield or anything.
All right, case is dismissed.
I appreciate it, Your Honor, thank you.
Good luck.

How are you feeling?

I can't hear you. Speak into the mic.

I had brain cancer surgery and then it got infected. So they had to remove the bone, like, the... the skull of my head...
The skull?
Yeah.
So, that's why you're wearing a helmet?
Helmet, yes.
Yeah?
So hopefully in October, I'm good.
Okay, we're rooting for you. Good luck.
I appreciate it. Thank you.
I got divorced from him maybe about six or seven years ago.
Yeah.
Right before he went to federal prison for 15 years.
You're telling me all these bad things about him, but when he comes in, you let him use the car.
You're telling me all these bad things about him, It's just a cough.
Yeah right. And the earth is flat. Ahhh!!
Treat your cough seriously with Robitussin CF Max. Nothing lasts longer and treats more symptoms for your cough, cold and flu.
Robitussin. Because it's never just a cough.
-We're doing karaoke later, and you're gonna sing.
-Jamie, this is your house?
-I know, it's not much, but it's home. Right, kids?
-Kids?
-Papa, Papa!
-[ Laughs ]
-You didn't tell me your friends were coming.
-Oh, yeah.
-This one is tiny like a child.
-Yeah, she is.
Oh, but seriously, it's good to be surrounded by what matters most -- a home and auto bundle from Progressive.
-Oh, sweetie, please, play for us.
-Oh, no, I couldn't.
-Please.
-Okay.