
 Announcer Its the 4th of July and Kelly and Ryan are having a party a pool party.
Today here to splash in the pretend water the guys from Stranger Things.
And you cant have a celebration without music so O.A.R.
is here as our holiday house band.
And the cohosts are tossing bags with the American Cornhole champions.
Plus members of our studio audience could win some holiday prizes when they compete in our 4th of July Games all next on Live.
upbeat musicive.
And now here are your allAmerican cohosts Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest.
cheers and applause Ryan Hey!
Whoo!
Hows it going?
Hi.
Kelly Hi.
cheers and applause Ryan Happy 4th of July.
Good morning everybody.
cheers and applause Welcome to our party.
Kelly Hey guess what.
O.A.R.
is our house band today.
Ryan Yeah yeah.
Kelly Theyre gonna be performing for us throughout the show.
Thank you.
Ryan Kelly please.
Kelly Look at this.
Ryan Lets talk about the 4th of July Kelly.
Kelly Ryan I was hoping you would bring it up.
laughter Ryan The most important part of the 4th obviously is not necessarily the history but posting photographs of your celebration on this day right?
Kelly Correct.
Ryan So many great opportunities.
Kelly Correct.
Ryan Now Kelly Sophia you are so cute.
Sorry go ahead.
Ryan These are the best captions for 4th of July for your pictures.
So youre welcome.
Put these to good use later.
Drinkin DrinkinLikeLincoln.
laughter and cheers Im not making these up.
These are actually online.
Um... Red white and brew.
RedWhiteAndBrew.
cheers and applause The StarSpangled Hammered.
Kelly laughs Ryan Sippin on libertea.
Kelly Yeah I like that.
Ryan Well thats if you want Kelly Mmhmm.
You know what?
Ryan Tell me Kel.
Kelly Its funny.
Ryan Is it?
Kelly Were talking about where can we keep this gigantic flamingo because we can all agree this is probably the greatest pool float in the universe.
cheers and applause Ryan I think so.
Kelly Seaworthy.
This is like the yacht of seaof pool floats would you not say?
Ryan This is it.
what you strive for.
Kelly You guys are rock stars.
You have this all day long.
This is like in your tub.
Ryan laughs Kelly But would you like to see the worlds largest pool?
Its at a resort in Chile.
Ryan Look at that.
Oh my God.
Kelly Its the San Alfonso del Mar worlds largest manmade lagoon.
Its the exact same crystalclear turquoise hue of the sea.
So they made the pool look just like the sea and they filled it with seawater.
I mean why not just go in the sea right?
I mean am I right or am I just being a killjoy?
Ryan A lot of people are afraid of I dont know what they have in the sea.
They could have jellyfish.
other animals creatures Kelly Well listen.
Somebody goes over there and grabs something over there and pulls a prank and throws it in the pool its gonna live because its seawater right?
Ryan Honey Ill be right back.
Im going to do some laps.
How long you think that would take days?
Kelly I guess.
I mean theyve got sailboats in there!
But we could definitely get a whole flock of these flamingos.
Ryan Yeah.
We could Jet Ski in there if thats legal.
Kelly I see all kinds of things in there.
Ryan By the way you know there are some people who are afraid to swim in the ocean and so thats a good alternative.
On the 4th of July we should tell you I mean you know this obviously from history the United States observes a federal holiday in honor of the Declaration of Independence commemorates the adoption of the Declaration of Independence July 4 1776... cheers and applause By delegates from the 13 colonies.
Nownow the important stuff.
If the 4th of July falls on a Sunday we observe the holiday on the following Monday.
If it falls on a Saturday we observe it on a Friday.
Both If it falls on a... Kelly On a Tuesday we take the whole rest of the week off.
Ryan Exactly.
If it falls in between... applause Kelly Hey did you hear about this?
Ryan No but Im about to.
Kelly You guys know how manylets see.
I see a lot of young people here today.
Millennials and Gen Zers Ryan Hey guys.
Kelly Where are you?
Yes?
cheers and applause Lots.
Ryan My people.
Kelly Your people are here.
representing.
Ryan I see you.
Kelly So the flamingo pose is the latest Instagramfriendly stance.
Do you know about the flamingo pose everybody?
Heres I believe is that Kendall Jenner?
Yeah Kendall Jenner is... well are they calling it the flamingo pose because shes wearing that dress or because her legs the one leg?
Ryan Well the dress helps.
Kelly Gelman we are you know we are in our thong shorts.
Gelman Yes.
Kelly So maybe you can do the flamingo for us?
Somehow that looks different.
That doesnt look like laughter Ryan That was tree from yoga.
Kelly You stand on one leg and you get bonus points if you can slightly cross your knees which helps to create a slimming effect for your legs.
Ryan Lets see your bonus points.
Kelly Gelman youve got Gelman I broke my knee.
Come on!
What do you want from me?
Ryan The other thing thats a trend this summer this is not good for your skin cant highly recommend it but theyre saying sunburn tattoos.
You know when you fall asleep in the sun and you leave your hand like this?
Kelly Yeah!
Ryan So sunburn tattoos are big for the summer of 2019.
People are placing stencils on exposed skin soaking up the sun and then theyve got you know the Batman logo or other different things that look like a tattoo.
Kelly Oh that seems dangerous though.
Ryan Well thats not great.
Kelly Its notheres the thing kids and Im gonna tell you this.
clears throat sighs Oh gosh.
Heres what Im gonna tell you because nobody told us in my day this because there was still like a lot of conflicting data about sunscreen at least in our household.
Ryan Right.
Kelly Its not the sunburn that day right?
Its what that sunburn turns into 30 years from now.
Right moms?
Yeah.
Ryan So put it on early so Kelly And I know that it is in your instinct Sophia to tune out the moms.
Do you understand?
I get it.
Iwe get it.
Its everybodys instinct to tune out the moms.
Ryan Right.
Kelly But we actually and thiswe actually when it comes to this thing know exactly what were talking about.
Ryan You carry wisdom with this.
Kelly Yes.
You dont needyou dont need a Batmanshaped melanoma 30 years from now.
laughter and applause Ryan One other quick public service for the barbecuers today for July 4th.
Kelly Yes?
Ryan If you are someone that tendslike when Im out and Im with other people usually they get the mosquito bites.
Kelly Am I crowding you?
I just noticed you leaned away from me.
I feel likeI feel like I just brushed my teeth so I dont think its Ryan No no no you smell like a lozenge.
Kelly I do.
Well thats because I ate the lozenge.
Ryan No but youre not crowding me at all.
Kelly Right.
Ryan I just wanted to make eye contact.
Kelly Oh okay.
So your so your vision is going.
Ryan My visions bad.
Kelly?
Kelly Okay.
Ryan Kelly?
Kelly Youre the first Millennial Ive ever seen do that.
Ryan Can I borrow my Millennial glasses to read this?
Kelly Sure go for it.
Ryan Oh look at this.
No its a public service.
So usually Im not the one that gets eaten by mosquitoes.
Its the person Im with which is a great goingout benefit.
Kelly Oh my gosh.
Ryan But if youre the one that always gets the mosquito bites researchers say music by Skrillex will prevent the mosquitoes from biting you.
Gelman laughs Ryan Researchers examined the effects of electronic music on mosquitoes and it made them less likely to bite.
Kelly Yay Skrillex.
Ryan So Skrillex is the soundtrack to your barbecue.
Today on the show the cast of Stranger Things they are here.
Gaten Finn Caleb Noah theyre all here backstage a whole bunch of them.
Kelly And nothing says 4th of July like cornhole so were gonna play cornhole with the top competitors from the American Cornhole League.
By the way... applause I was like I thought we called it on our show Live Hole and they were like No its only Live Hole when we throw the beanbags into our mouths.
Gelman Exactly.
Weve a special game that weve developed.
Kelly Unbelievable.
Gelman This is the real game.
Ryan This is the real Kelly This is the real... Ryan This is the league.
Kelly Cornhole.
Ryan We have the league champions all right.
And throughout todays show members of our studio audience will play Lives 4th of July Games.
The first game is our annual 4th of July Trivia Dancer Off.
The dancers dressed themselves up.
Theyre ready to try and dance their way to victory.
So lets dance!
cheers and applause Kelly First up say hello to Mary Malloy from East Rockaway New York.
upbeat music cheers and applause Ryan Our next contestant is Gary Callioni from Cincinnati Ohio.
Gare.
cheers and applause Whats up my brother?
Kelly Nice Gary.
Our third contestant is Carla Gomen from El Dorado Hills California.
cheers and applause Very nice.
Ryan And last but not least lets bring out Meredith Miller from San Antonio Texas.
cheers and applause Kelly All right studio audience.
You have a job.
Ryan Oh yes.
Kelly Youre going to vote for your favorite dancer and after trivia we will announce who the audience picked to win okay?
Ryan All right now... cheers and applause Kelly So uncomf Ryan These are cool.
Kelly Thanks.
Ryan I love those.
Kelly Theyre not mine theyre Jans.
Ryan Oh well Jan those are great.
Kelly Thank you.
Ryan All week long were playing a special audience edition of Stump the Hosts where an audience member shares a summerthemed truth or lie and we have to figure out which is verdad.
Kelly If they stump us they get a Kelly and Ryan mug and 1200 kitchen appliance package from Cuisinart... cheers and applause Which we can all agree is all of the kitchen appliances.
Ryan It is everything.
So dancers give it your all right now.
Its time for Stump the Hosts audience edition.
Lady Gagas Just Dance  Just dance  Gonna be okay  Da da doodoomm  Just dance  Spin that record babe  Da da doodoomm  Just dance  Gonna be okay  Jjjust dance  Gonna be okay  Dance dance  Whoo!
 Jjjust dance   Lets go  Half psychotic sick  Hypnotic  Got my blueprint  Half psychotic sick  Hypnotic  cheers and applause Ryan All right okay.
Kelly Now thats what I call U.S. of Yay.
Am I right?
Yeah thats right.
Ryan Happy Independence Day.
Kelly Good job you four.
Amazing.
Now lets meet todays audience participant.
Where is Holly Dance from Ogden Utah?
Ryan Holly Dance?
Kelly Hi Holly!
cheers and applause Okay.
Ryan Okay.
Kelly Okay you can stay right there in the ocean and Ryan and I will stay here on this side of the tail end of the flamingo.
Awesome.
Ryan So by the way happy 4th of July.
Thank you so much!
Ryan You look great.
Thank you.
Kelly You look adorable.
Ryan What is your first statement?
My first statement is that every summer my family and I we have a friend whos in marketing and we get a billboard a vinyl billboard rip the whole thing down put it down the hill in their backyard and we waterslide down the billboard.
Ryan Oh!
Kelly Oh that sounds like fun.
Ryan Do you steal the billboard from No hes in marketing so theyre old billboards.
Ryan Theyre old so its fine.
Okay and whats your second statement?
My second statement is that every 4th of July my husband and I are in the town parade and were a husbandandwife real estate team so I dress up as the Statue of Liberty and we have a big American flag throw out candy in the parade.
Ryan But hes in marketing I thought.
No a friend is in marketing.
Ryan Oh.
Lets see what the audience thinks on this.
Kelly Youve got an honest face.
Ryan You do.
Sliding down the vinyl billboard.
Kelly Huh.
Ryan So you put water on it.
Yeah we get a hose and put it at the top.
Ryan Do you soap like Yup we get dish soap at the top and the kids all squirt it down Kelly That sounds dangerous like you could really hurt yourself.
Ryan That sounds fun.
Kelly Even on the Slip n Slide right?
Its a grass hill.
Kelly Adults over the age of 12 and if you weigh more than blah blah blah...
Its a grass hill.
Ryan Its a grass hill.
II like that story.
What do you think?
Kelly I think that thats okay Im gonnaI dont want toits the 4th of July so for the sake of harmony Im gonna go with you but in the back of my mind I want it noted that I actually believe that is BS okay?
laughter Ryan In the name of harmony is it true that you slide down the billboard?
Am I supposed to tell you right now?
Ryan Yes right now.
Yes its true.
cheers and applause Ryan Happy holiday.
Kelly Wow.
Ryan Thank you audience.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Kelly Now you and a lucky member of our studio audience will each receive a 500 gift card from World Market.
shrieks Yeah!
4th of July!
Ryan Fishbowl.
Kelly Huh?
Ryan Right here.
Kelly Oh fishbowl.
Yeah sorry.
Ryan Weve got your tickets everybody.
Kelly Theres nothing like doing this show like its the first time... Ryan Weve ever done it.
Kelly Even though its my 9000th show.
Uh 40 number 40.
Ryan Number 40?
Yeah!
Ryan Right there?
Whoo!
Ryan Happy 4th.
Thank you so much for being here.
Kelly Thank you very much.
Thanks.
Ryan Lets see.
Now dim the lights because Kelly Oh is this where we reveal the winning dancer?
Ryan The results... Kelly Oh my gosh.
Ryan Of our danceoff are in.
The person voted as this years winner and getting a 500 gift certificate to Omaha Steaks is... Well find out after the break.
groans and laughter Kelly laughs Just kidding.
Calm down.
Ryan It is Carla!
Carla from El Dorado Hills California.
cheers and applause Good job Carla!
Kelly Thats good sportsmen.
Thank you for playing and happy 4th of July.
Ryan Coming up next the cast of Stranger Things.
Were right back on the 4th.
Just whatever.
Kelly I know I was like... upbeat music Announcer Still ahead on Live O.A.R.
will perform their latest hit.
Well continue to celebrate Independence Day with 4th of July games when more lucky members of our studio audience will win more prizes.
Well play cornhole with the league champions.
Coming up next the cast of Stranger Things.
electronic noises suspenseful music whispers Now.
toys wind down horns blaring screaming cheers and applause Kelly Youre scared already.
Here come four of the young residents of the twisted television town of Hawkins Indiana.
From the hit series Stranger Things please welcome Finn Wolfhard Noah Schnapp Caleb McLaughlin and Gaten Matarazzo!
cheers and applause upbeat rock music Hi.
Come on in.
Ryan Come on in.
Whats up bro?
Kelly Hi Finn.
How are you?
Welcome welcome.
Come on in.
Hi.
cheers and applause Ryan Come on in.
Kelly Hi.
Weve never met before.
Hi Im Kelly.
Ryan All right!
Kelly Hi baby how are you?
Good to see you too.
indistinct chatter Where are we going into?
Kelly Sit on the cushions there.
Ryan Yeah a celebration.
Kelly This shouldnt be awkward at all.
No.
Its actually quite comfy.
Yeah.
Ryan Isnt it nice?
Kelly What do you think of this?
Now you guyslisten you guys are Hollywood stars.
You must have these falling out of the sky.
Ryan Thats right.
Yeah its on our rider.
Ryan So where is everyone from?
Lets see.
Im from New York City the Big Apple.
Ryan Youre from the Big Apple okay.
Kelly New York City!
Born and raised?
Yes born and raised.
Kelly All right.
Ryan And Finns from Vancouver right?
Im from Vancouver.
Kelly What about you?
Im frommy whole family is from Montreal but Im from New York.
Kelly Oh okay fab.
Jersey.
Kelly Come on.
Ryan Oh there you go.
cheers and applause Kelly I dont want to show favorites.
Im just saying I understand.
Kelly People from Jersey understand each other.
Thats all Im saying.
New York is better but its okay.
people talking at once Our families are all from Canada so were nicer.
Kelly Oh youre more polite.
Youre more polite.
Ryan Now that you guys have worked together for a few seasons Im sure you get to know each other.
Like I know whatcant get under her skin but I know what can wind Kelly up right?
Kelly Whats one thing that can wind me up?
Ryan Serving you garlic.
Kelly Oh that is true.
Ryan If you put garlic in any of her food I love garlic.
Kelly You do?
Ryan I love it too.
She doesnt love it.
Kelly Im very sensitive to it.
Oh.
Ryan So do you guys know little things about each other now?
I thought you were about to ask us if we knew anything about garlic.
Kelly laughs Well... Calebs always blowing his nose all the time.
Kelly Oh really?
Every day of his life.
You know why?
I have PTSD as a child.
Kelly Okay.
I look at old pictures of my young self and theres a lot of boogers so Ilaughter So I suffer from that and Im likeI make sure there is no boogers in my nose so Kelly Wait do you have like older siblings?
Yeah I do but they wont tell me.
Kelly They didnt tell you.
Thats right yeah.
Ryan Well you should have people on the set that tell you whether Oh they do but I just when I feel something Im like Can I get a tissue?
Its not there.
Kelly Kelly loves the snot rocket.
She just fires it right out.
Well it comes to the point where its like were doing a really serious scene and Calebs off camera and Im doing the scene.
I look at Caleb and hes like imitates blowing nose Kelly laughs As quietly as you can.
Every picture of myself as a threeyearold child its just shiny boogers.
But thats with every kid.
I know.
Weve been doing scenes and like the camera will be on one of us and hell be behind the camera reading for us and hell just be blowing his nose during the middle of the shot.
Im like Dude really?
And it makes you laugh so much.
Ryan Well what does Gaten do?
What does Gaten do?
Kelly Hes perfect hes from New Jersey.
Gaten does like Yeah Gaten does a lot.
He dances and sings a lot.
Kelly Well cause hes happy.
Hes from New Jersey.
overlapping chatter Are all people from New Jersey happy?
Kelly Yes were all No!
Oh God no.
Kelly We are happy and if you question us we will fight you about it.
Yeah thats right.
Thats how happy we are.
Kelly Thats right.
We will beat you up over how happy we are.
Ryan Who has their drivers license among you?
No one has it.
Good question.
Im at permit.
Ryan Youre permitting?
Yeah I get my license in September.
Kelly Oh you do okay.
I get my license when I turn 18.
Kelly When you turn 18.
Yeah this year this year.
laughs He was always bragging about Yeah I can get gokarts.
I gotI went in for the first learners permit test really excited and I got I didnt get every question wrong but... Ryan laughs Its why I chose acting over academics and... Ryan laughs Oh God.
I got one question wrong.
It was like the passing thing and like just held my head low when I got out.
My mom was like Did you pass?
And I was just like Lets go.
Kelly You know what?
You guys get chauffeurs.
Youre on a hit show for Gods sake.
I want to drive.
We got to drive.
cheers and applause Kelly Yeah.
Is everyone a chauffeur in the audience?
We got a chauffers audience.
Now that Im finally driving I dont like being a passenger at all.
Ryan Cause you want to be in control.
Backseat driver?
Im not a backseat driver.
I try not to be but...
It was funny.
My uncle my moms twin brother told her when she first started drivingcause he got his license firstthat if there was a white line around the stop sign it was optional.
Ryan What?
laughter Kelly Thats really funny.
And for those of you who dont knowIm sure most of you domost stop signs have a white line around them.
And it took her like three months to realize that was not true.
So how many stop signs And no one was hurt.
No one was hurt.
Everyone was fine.
Kelly Nobody was hurt.
I love that.
Ryan So you guys are on this massively popular show Stranger Things.
Im falling.
Ryan Thats all right theres a hole there.
Kelly Theres a hole weve decided.
Just lean back and relax.
Ryan Is it difficult to keep the secrets of the show?
Cause people are always wanting to know whats coming up whats happening right?
I feel like now it is because were in season three.
In the beginning it wasnt so hard because nothing was out.
But now Im forgetting which season Im talking about.
Yes.
And then I might spoil something or say something about the season thats coming out.
But no one catches it.
In season one we told everyone like the entire plotline.
I was spoiling everything.
We were like Okay so theres this girl named Eleven and then at the end she disappears.
Kelly And everybodys like Good show.
overlapping chatter Yeah and then we were like Yeah that was probably it.
Kelly But you do realize that you are portraying the greatest time in the history of time the 80s.
Yeah.
Like our parents are always telling us how they love it.
Kelly Your parents are literally telling you what it was like during Yeah my parents relate to everythinglike the towels that we have andor not the towels.
Our shirts have like towel material.
Kelly Yes of course.
Terrycloth.
Kelly Terrycloth.
They wore that.
Kelly Towel material.
Ryan Towel material.
Kelly That was adorable.
My kids for the first time saw a wall phone on Stranger Things and they said What is that thing?
Theyd never seen a wall phone.
Theres like a whole bunch in New York City.
Kelly Okay I doubt before you did Stranger Things if you really think back Ryan Hey Jersey!
Calm down you two.
I knew what a rotary phone was.
Ryan Were gonna take a break.
Coming up things get stranger when the guys play a handson guessing game right after this.
Stay with us.
upbeat band music Announcer Still ahead on Live a performance by house band O.A.R.
playing Ring of Fire cheers and applause Kelly Stranger Things.
Stranger Things 3 available today on Netflix.
Today today today.
Ryan Todays the day.
Kelly Im sure people have already binged the entire season while we sat here on the show but we are back with the cast of Stranger Things and everybody here is gonna participate in a game of Whats in the Box?
applause For this challenge Ryan and the boys are gonna reach into these boxes here and guess what strange thing they think theyre feeling.
I am the only one that has the answers right here and will reveal whats in each box.
Are you fellas ready?
Wait so you know whats in the box?
Kelly Yes I know whats in the box.
Ryan We do not.
Kelly It is disgusting.
Here we go.
One...
Both Two three.
Kelly Do it.
Oh my God its oatmeal!
Its oatmeal.
Ryan Feels like oatmeal.
Thats oatmeal.
Kelly You are incorrect!
It is relish.
I knew it was relish!
I smelled it.
Ryan Gross!
I didnt even say my answer.
Kelly Next!
Ryan Next one next one next one.
So you just put your hand into relish for no reason.
I didnt.
You didnt put your hand in for the relish?
Wait you didnt put your hand in?
Thats so unfair.
Kelly Finn is a thinker.
See this?
Hes like Im not putting my hand in.
I doublecrossed everyone.
Ryan Lets go.
Next one.
Kelly Okay.
Next one.
On your mark.
Get set.
Go.
JellO!
Kelly You are correct.
Yes JellO.
Oh yeah that feels so good.
That feels so good.
Ryan Doesnt feel as gross as the relish.
Ew dude dont eat it.
Its JellO!
Kelly Its JellO.
Its like relish JellO.
We dont have to wipe our hands.
Kelly Did it taste a little bit like relish?
Like JellO.
Kelly JellO.
Okay good.
Ryan Next one?
Kelly Next one number three.
Marshmallow fluff.
Oh its marsh No.
Oh oh.
Shaving cream.
Kelly Yes!
It smells like shaving cream.
Kelly You are correct.
Shaving cream.
High five high five.
applause Kelly You still have relish on your hands.
Noah!
That smells so good.
Its so tempting.
It smells so good.
Kelly You guys Ryan All right next one?
Try me.
All right cool.
Ryan Get in there.
Kelly You know what?
Finn the Canadian could be my favorite new player of this game.
Finn the Canadian.
Why?
Kelly Finn have you put your hands in anything yet?
Oh you did.
Okay all right.
I thought for sure it was three for three.
Okay next one.
Next one.
Feels so nice.
Okay.
Kelly Okay do it.
Ryan This feels great.
Worms.
Oh wormgummy worms.
Um nits a gummy worm right?
Kelly Yeah they are gummy worms.
cheers and applause Ryan I felt worms on the show before.
Kelly I just want to say one thing.
Ryan is cheating.
Why are they wet?
Ryan So they feel like real worms.
Oh!
Kelly Ryan youre not allowed to pull it out of the thing.
Ryan!
Ryan Now you tell me.
Kelly Just telling you.
Those are the rules.
Ryan I didnt hear that in the rules.
Oh my God.
Kelly This is for all the marbles.
Ryan Lets get to the next box.
I wont pull it out.
Kelly This is for all the marbles.
Ryan High five high five partner.
All right next one.
Kelly Wait Finn what is it?
All you got from this is what?
Clean hands.
Kelly Clean hands.
Ryan And a clean shave.
Yeah Imyeah.
Kelly Okay guys this is the final one and this one is you earn your No!
Kelly Do it.
What is it?
Kelly I dont know.
What do you think it is?
Noah no wait not yet.
Oh I thought we were Kelly What do you think it is?
Ryan Feels like an intestine.
I dont want to know what that is.
Oh my God meatballs!
Is it meat?
chicken?
manure?
Ground beef?
Kelly Its not manure.
Is it Is it liver?
I feel it!
Its ground beef.
Kelly Its not ground beef.
Ryan All right were out of guesses.
Steak?
Kelly Its not snake.
Steak.
Kelly Oh.
No its wet hot dog buns.
audience groans Ew.
Kelly Youre welcome everybody.
cheers and applause Ryan You guys are good sports.
High five high five high five high five.
Oh!
Kelly Gentlemen.
all talking at once Im proud to present you with these incredible trophies.
Ryan Each of you are winners.
Ah!
Ryan Thanks guys.
Congratulations on season three.
Kelly Youre all winners.
We all won?
Kelly Youre all winners.
I didnt guess any of them.
Kelly Hey Ryan guess what.
Ryan Oh I get one too?
Kelly You win a prize too Ry.
All right!
Ryan No one goes home emptyhanded.
Kelly Hey Finn Wolfhard Noah Schnapp Caleb McLaughlin and Gaten Matarazzo the stars of Stranger Things!
Ryan Well done guys.
Well done.
cheers and applause Well be right back!
Ring of Fire playing Announcer Tomorrow on Live Ricky Gervais.
Announcer If your grillings got game and you have a dish that inspires high praise then youd be perfect for our Grillinspiration summer cookoff.
Tell us about your dish and you might have a chance to come here to inspire everyone at home to get cookin.
Submit your recipe and a short video telling us all about what makes your dish so popular.
And lets add a little Grillinspiration to the summer.
Go to KellyandRyan.com to find out more details on how to enter.
 Smile  Babe we only here  Oh for a little while  Ryan O.A.R.
right there.
Kelly Its amazing.
I love having O.A.R.
here as our house band.
Its amazing.
Thank you guys.
cheers and applause Ryan Our 4th of July games continue.
For this challenge we have each partnered with an audience member.
My teammate is Sarah Hollis from Edmond Oklahoma.
Good to meet you.
Kelly And my winning partner is Victoria Stutzman from Elsie Michigan.
And in this game what do we have?
60 seconds... Ryan 60 seconds yeah.
Kelly To find red and blue necklaces.
Ryan Blue for us red for you.
Kelly Yes red for us.
We have to put them on our necks right?
Ryan Correct.
Kelly We cannotwere not allowed to sabotage the other team by throwing their colors out of the Ryan Did you hear that?
Youre not allowed to sabotage the other team.
Kelly Did you hear it?
Youre not allowed to sabotage the other team.
Ryan Okay fine.
All right here we go Sarah.
Kelly You know what hes trying to do?
Hes trying to feel around in the ground.
Ryan I know where they are.
Kelly Im all over it.
Ryan Okay.
Kelly Okay now Ryan The winner.
Kelly Okay so Elsie and I are looking for the red necklaces.
Ryan and Sarah are looking for the blue ones.
Once we put them on our necks were gonna find out who wins right?
And whoever wins 10 million.
cheers and applause Ryan The team with the most combined necklaces wins a 500 gift card from Barnes  Noble okay?
Kelly Which is the same thing as 10 million.
Ryan Ready?
Yes.
Ryan Set.
Go.
cheers and applause Oh!
laughs playful music playing Kelly You are youre a monster.
Ryan laughing Hey!
Kelly Freeze you in.
Kelly laughs Ryan Oh my God I cant find screams all Five!
Four!
Three!
Two!
One!
cheers and applause bell rings Kelly You know what?
Im not gonna lie that got violent.
laughs Ryan I got all the red ones.
Kelly Whoo!
Ryan Ugh... Gelman Everyone count how many they have.
Ryan Okay well we need that one.
All right count them up Sarah.
How many do you have?
One two... Ryan This was much easier as a kid.
Three... Kelly This one doesnt count?
Ryan Four.
Oh gosh.
Ryan Thats disqualified.
Kelly The red one counts but the blue one doesnt.
Five six.
Both Seven eight nine ten... Ryan 11 okay.
11 blues.
Kelly 1 2 3... Kelly Ryan!
cheers and applause Ryan I got none.
How?
Kelly Sorry sorry.
Ryan I didnt get one.
Kelly It got Im not gonna lie.
Ryan and I fullon punched each other.
laughs Ryan All right Sarah thank you so much.
Kelly There was hair removal.
Ryan There was all kinds of going on.
Well be right back with cornhole after the break.
Kelly Whoohoo!
Ryan Oh my God.
 I just wanna  Make you laugh  I just wanna see that smile  Announcer Monday on Live wrestlerturnedactor Dave Bautista.
 For a little while  I just want to hold you till  You fall asleep  I want love I want us  upbeat music Ryan Well well well.
Weve recovered from that and were back.
Kelly How do you feel?
Are you okay?
Ryan Im sore.
Im bruised.
I was strangled.
Kelly Aw!
Ryan I mean Gelman lots of illegal moves there.
Ive watched the tape in the break.
Kelly The only move that I heard that was illegal was taking your blue necklaces and throwing them outside of the ball pit.
Ryan Thatsthats right cheater.
Kelly Thats right.
It wouldnt be a 4th of July party without a fun game of cornhole.
Ryan All right.
cheers and applause Kelly Today the highest ranked players will be competing against each other at the national cornhole championship.
Ryan We have the top male and top female competitors from the American Cornhole League here today.
Please welcome Cody Henderson and Stacia Pugh.
cheers and applause upbeat music Kelly Yeah!
Ryan How are you?
Good.
How are you?
Kelly Hi Cody.
Nice to meet you.
Kelly Hi Stacia.
Im Kelly.
Nice to meet you.
Ryan Good to see you.
Come oncome over here.
There you go okay.
Kelly Cody you are 27 years old.
How did you get into competitive cornholing?
I got in in high school.
It was just a game I liked to have fun.
I found the professional circuit.
And for the last eight years Ive been playing competitively traveling around the country and its been quite the experience.
Ryan And Stacia how about for you?
For me Ive been playing about ten years.
Kind of started in the front yard with my dad you know at family events.
And just realized I liked the game and played more and more.
Kelly Played more and more.
Okay is there something we should know?
Were not very good cornholers we found out recently last 4th of July.
Ryan Embarrassingly we did.
Kelly Is there a technique?
something we should know?
Like is there a twist a thing?
There is.
I mean you know when it comes to cornhole if you can throw a flat bag then youll beat 90 of people.
Kelly So the bag should be flat.
Yes.
Kelly Okay got it.
Ryan Wait itsI dont know thatwhat thatjust okay like this?
Kelly Flat bag.
Ryan And you go like this?
Yes.
Well spin like a pizza.
Ryan Like a pizza.
See were getting more tips.
All right lets play.
cheers and applause Kelly Girls versus boys.
Yeah yeah.
Kelly Okay girls versus boys.
You ready to lose again?
Ryan Ah yes.
Kelly Okay.
Ryan Come on.
Lets go down here.
cheers and applause So you go on that side.
Kelly Now am I allowed to block the Ryan No you cant do any of that.
Kelly Okay.
Can I hit Ryan for no reason?
Ryan Yes.
Kelly Okay.
light upbeat music Oh my God.
Nice flat spin.
Ryan Good spin like a pizza.
Yes.
Walk it right up the board.
cheers and applause all Oh!
Kelly Okay.
So one got knocked in.
What does that mean?
Ryan It means we got a big deal.
Yeah were tied up there.
Kelly Okay.
We call that a replacement bag.
Kelly A replacement bag.
Okay got it.
Replacement bag.
Oh!
Kelly Okay now you knocked in his.
Do we get that point?
Ryan No.
Oh so close.
sighs both Okay now what?
youre gonna throw them back.
Kelly We throw them back.
Ryan All right does anyone have thewe calculated this?
Yeah so theres three points there.
Ryan These are so close do we get any for that?
No.
No so it would be one on the board three in the hole.
That round was eight on five.
We get three.
So we have a threepoint lead.
Kelly You go first right?
Right Ry?
Youll be on that side.
Youre across from me.
Kelly Okay got it.
Okay Ryan lead us off.
Kelly And dont let any of this make you nervous.
Ryan I dont think I can do the pizza thing.
Kelly You can totally do the pizza.
You love pizza.
Ryan I do but I cant do the toss.
Kelly Just try it.
Toss it.
Toss it Ryan.
Toss it.
audience cheering Oh!
laughter All right Kelly.
You got this.
Kelly Learned a lot.
Ryan All right Kelly.
Kelly Learned a lot.
Okay.
Dontdont give me protective arm.
audience groans Ryan I almost fell in the pool.
Kelly How far over the plane is Ryan allowed to step?
Ryan Just not in the water.
You could step up to the board.
Kelly Up to the board.
very front of the board.
Good try.
Kelly Okay inching on up there.
Ryan Were getting there.
Kelly Aw!
Closer closer.
audience cheering Aw!
Kelly Ooh Ryan that was it was almost good.
Ryan Not good enough.
Story of my life.
Come on Kelly.
Ryan Its harder than it looks.
all Oh!
cheers and applause Ryan Thanks so much.
Nice to meet you.
Kelly Sorry sorry.
I apologize.
Ryan You can see the national cornhole championship today 100 p.m. on ESPN.
Cody Stacia thank you so much.
O.A.R.
performs next.
Kelly Stick around.
Sorry about that.
Announcer Tomorrow on Live reality star DJ Pauly D. Ryan Welcome back.
All right.
Theyve been housebanding it but now were ready.
O.A.R.
s new album is available now.
Here they are with a brandnew hit Knocking at Your Door.
O.A.R.
cheers and applause  All I know  Ive been here before  I longed so long  Miles and miles to shore  40000 angels could fly  By me  Oh please  Carry me through the night  Because I got to go  Not a minute more  I need a miracle  Yeah  Im gonna let you know  That youre not alone  So Im coming home  And whos knocking  At your door?
 Its me coming back  For more  When you wake up  Im gonna be there  When you wake up  Im gonna be there  not gonna fall away  And time is my enemy  When you wake up  Im gonna be there  When you wake up  Im gonna be there  Be there   But Im moving   All these mountains aside  Moving  All these mountains  No one will fall  While you sleep  Through the night  Because I got to go  Not a minute more  I need a miracle  Im gonna let you know  That youre not alone  So Im coming home  And whos knocking  At your door?
 Its me coming back  For more  When you wake up  Im gonna be there  When you wake up  Im gonna be there  not gonna fall away  And time is my enemy  When you wake up  Im gonna be there  When you wake up  Im gonna be there  On my way on my way  And you know  I couldnt wait  Another day  To see your face  Baby now  Im on my way on my way  On my way  And you know  Believe me say  Im on the way  my way  Yeah whos knocking  At your door?
 Its me coming back  For more  When you wake up  Im gonna be there  When you wake up  Im gonna be there  not gonna fall away  And time is my enemy  When you wake up  Im gonna be there  When you wake up  Im gonna be there  Be there  Yeah   When you wake up  Im gonna be there  On my way on my way  Im on my way on my way  On my way  cheers and applause Kelly Come on!
Ryan O.A.R.!
Thank you.
Kelly That was amazing.
Ryan Good to see you guys again.
Good to see you boys.
So good to see you.
Kelly Great to see you.
Thank you as always.
Ryan Great to see you again.
Thanks guys.
Thank you for housebanding as well for this It was our pleasure.
Kelly I got to tell you you really like brought the holiday spirit.
It was great.
I think you broughtyou brought the holiday spirit.
Ryan It was a team effort.
Kelly We try.
Fantastic.
Ryan O.A.R.
s new album it is out now.
Go pick it up.
These guys are the best.
Well be right back.
 On my way  Announcer If youd like to know more about anything you see on Live just log on to our website at KellyandRyan.com.
Announcer Closed captioning sponsored in part by Red Red Wine playing Ryan One more time.
O.A.R. ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you guys for being here.
Kelly O.A.R. whoo!
Ryan So... Kelly You know what?
cheers and applause Im not gonna lie I think our barbecue is more fun than your barbecue.
Whoo!
Ryan U.S. of Yay!
Tomorrow Ricky Gervais is here.
Kelly And DJ Pauly D Ryan Have a great holiday.
Whoo!
 Red red wine  Goes to my head 