
 with Kelly and Ryan.
Today we catch up with Kate Hudson and Mr. Worldwide Pitbull.
Plus straight from the big screen actor Winston Duke and a performance from Daughtry all next on Live.
Dua Lipas Electricity plays And now here are Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest.
cheers and applause Ryan Hello!
Kelly Yep yep yep.
Now Im ready.
Ryan Good morning.
cheers and applause Good morning.
music continues cheers and applause I like that one.
Electricity right?
A little Dua Lipa there in the game.
Kelly Hey it is Wednesday July 3 2019.
It is my dads birthday today!
cheers and applause Ryan Happy birthday Joe Ripa.
Kelly Happy birthday Joe Ripa.
Its a big one.
Im not gonna blow up your age.
Ryan Does he have a traditional celebration?
Kelly Well you know every year he likes to say that they do fireworks and they have a big cookout but Im like Thats pretty much everybody.
Ryan You know that was for me.
That was for me that whole thing up in the sky.
Well my greatest memory of your father is he and I laying on a chaise lounge in the Bahamas together with him giving me life advice and guidance and asking if I wanted representation by him to negotiate my next deal.
laughter He was gonna be my union member.
Kelly It was the sweet he was Gelman Joe was trying to unionize.
Kelly It washe was to unionize us.
He was telling us that we needed to unionize.
And I said We are in a union Dad.
Webelieve it or not we are in a union.
Ryan I felt like he accepted me in that moment.
Kelly He really did.
The two of you were so Ryan Right?
Kelly I have pictures of that and theyre some of my favorite memories because you two are so funny together the two of you.
Because you take on my dads personality when you talk to my dad.
Soyouyeah.
Ryan I became I became stern.
Kelly Yeah.
Ryan I became my voice got deeper.
Kelly Yeah.
laughter Ryan I find when I talk to like athletes too I do the same thing.
Kelly Right.
Ryan Like I So how was the game?
Kelly Yeah.
laughter And you always say to my dad Joe Ripa.
Ryan Joe Ripa.
Kelly Yeah its like you puff up and then youre like Joe You call him both names... Ryan Joe Ripa.
Kelly Which most people do.
Most people call me both names.
Ryan Kelly Ripa.
Yeah well its like one I mean come on.
YouKelly Ripa.
Theres Kelly Ripa.
Theres Kelly Ripa.
Kelly Ripa from the park.
Kelly But I mean before this show Im going back to high school.
Ryan Kirripa.
Kelly I was both names.
Ryan Kirripa.
Kelly Well Ryan Kirripa.
Kelly Well youre laughter Ryan Imlisten.
If your Kelly Youre making me more of a sound than laughter Ryan Well happy Fourth of July Kirripa.
Kelly Thank you.
chirps Ryan I was reading this about you know thank you for tuning in the morning.
I dont know what your morning routines are your morning habits are.
But theres a whole article on surprising morning habits that can give you more anxiety.
And just by reading it I got more anxiety.
Kelly Right of course.
Just you saying the word anxiety... Ryan Gives you Kelly Gave me anxiety.
Ryan Cortisols releasing right now isnt it?
Kelly Right now yeah.
Ryan Is cortisol releasing into your system?
Kelly Yeah.
Ryan Let it out.
Kelly Thats why I stopped wearing pants with a zipper.
laughter Yeah cant do it.
Ryan Thats the reason.
Kelly Thats the reason.
I cant do it.
work in live TV and have a waistband.
laughter No waist anymore.
Im like Forget it.
The cortisol spikes its not gonna affect me cause my dress is just gonna widen.
laughter Ryan Do you jumpthey say its bad for you to jump right out of bed.
Like to get right out of bed is bad.
It causes a spike in all of that.
Kelly Well... Ryan Do you jump right out or do you lay there for I lay there and moan for a minute.
laughter Kelly I usually set Snooze.
I do one snooze.
But Ryan I find it to be painful.
Kelly The snooze?
Ryan Yeah.
Cause I know its coming and I cantyou know its like that anxiety.
Kelly But I like that.
Its like I hit Snooze but the whole time Im quasiawake knowing that Ryan Its coming.
But see that gives me anxiety knowing its coming.
Kelly I just burped and that gave me anxiety.
Ryan By the way... laughter Can I say that garlic smells great.
Kelly Oh no its not.
Its not garlic.
Ryan No I know.
You toI know its not garlic.
Lets see.
Doing household chores gives you anxiety so quit.
Kelly Wait that gives you anxiety Household chores?
Gelman Well knowing you Ryan At the start of your dayat the start ofthis is all at the beginning of the day.
Kelly Oh theyre saying dont do it at the start of the day.
Ryan Yeah dont do it at the beginning of the day.
Dont look at your work email the second you get out of bed.
Dont look at your todo list.
Dont skip breakfast.
Kelly groans I mean I doI do all of that.
Ryan I know.
I know.
Kelly I do every Ryan But you get to wear a dress and its all fine.
Kelly Well I mean they make it look fine.
I liken myself to a Westminster show dog.
laughter Yeah it looks very fluffy on the outside but on the inside its like Is this done yet?
Are we over?
laughter Can we justcan you please put me back in my cage?
laughter I justI dont want to I dont wa tbere the judges right now.
laughter Ryan I do find looking at the phoneI try not to do it first thing which is hard sometimes.
Because youre turning off your alarm and then Kelly I have to look at it because usually hes either texted me or youve texted me over some thing thats happened in the middle of the night.
Ryan Some inane thing.
Kelly Yeah some thing that has happened.
So I have to check it first thing in the morning.
Um you know its not just my dads birthday today okay?
I want you to know its also another national holiday.
Ryan What is it?
Gelman A special day.
Kelly And I believe it could become an international holiday if we get it trending here.
It is national compliment your mirror day.
Gelman Oh my goodness.
cheers and applause Yes.
cheers and applause Lady in the front row is like No it is not.
Like Oh yes it is.
You want to know how it works?
Watch this.
Gelman Okay.
Kelly Okay you you hold this.
Ryan Im not complimenting a picture of me.
Kelly Holdhold it.
Gelman Just come on.
Kelly Gelman do you want to do it too and Ill read?
Gelman Sure I can do it.
Yeah.
Kelly You stand next to Ryan I want to see Ryan Gelman celebrates this every day.
Kelly Oh I know.
Trust me I know.
Gelman Yeah.
Kelly Heres what you do everybody.
Stand in front of your mirror with your eyes closed.
Thats the key.
Ryan Thats the key.
Kelly Close your eyes.
Ryan Turn the lights off.
Kelly Yeah.
clears throat Put a big smile on your face.
Eyes closed.
Big smile.
Now open your eyes.
Ryan No.
laughter I dont want to see it.
No.
Kelly Isnt the picture of the person in the mirror absolutely stunning?
Gelman Oh yes.
laughter Ryan Whos making love to themself over here?
What?
laughter What is going on?
Kelly Dont make the special holiday be overovershadowed by the Fourth of July.
Gelman No.
Im feeling very positive.
Ryan I have to tell you I Kelly Make sure you compliment your mirror for displaying the beautiful person Ryan Oh gag.
Gelman Thank you mirror.
laughter What a great mirror you are.
laughter Ryan Gag gag gag.
Gelman Youre my favorite mirror.
Youre a good mirror.
Kelly Okay Gelman.
laughter Ryan Goodbye.
Kelly Thank you Gelman.
cheers and applause Ryan I was reading this article about smartphones at the gym.
I guess you know a lot ofif you go to the gym and work out the gyms want you to post that youre working out at the gym because they get good free publicity and marketing.
Kelly Well especially your gym where all the models go.
cheers Kelly It looks like a Victorias Secrets shoot every timeIm like Oh theres Ryan at his gym again.
Ryan Hey look.
Its the only gym that has enough weight for me so laughter Gelman Threepounders?
laughter Ryan Yeah I have the little pink ones you hold.
laughter Kelly They sha they make sounds.
Ryan Yeah they make shaker sounds.
Kelly They make sounds.
Ryan Its got some Daddy Yankee music.
Gelman Yeah.
Ryan But this article is about a gym etiquette.
They say dont FaceTime or Skype in front of other people.
No photos in the locker room.
Gelman No yeah no.
Ryan No.
laughter Wait until after a class to ask the instructor for the selfie.
Now what I find people do in the gym is they take their phone and they set it up like over here you know?
And they go over here to do curls.
And then you walk through their shot andgasps laughter Kelly Yeah well guess what.
Guess what.
Thats exactly their problem not your problem.
Ryan Yeah exactly.
Kelly Because that is a thatsthe floorthis is gonna sound like a shock to all the millennials.
The floor is for walking.
laughter Ryan Well the good Kelly Its not an imaginary tripod for you to lean your cell phone so you can have a selfie remember so you can be nostalgic in real time.
Right?
Ryan Listen.
These are the people that are celebrating the mirror day all day today so they wont be at the gym.
Kelly Thats right.
Theyre taking the day off.
Ryan Theyre taking the day off to just celebrate themselves again.
Kelly Yes thats true.
Ryan Shall we?
Kelly Um sure we could do that.
I mean I do have my study out on insomnia.
Gelman Oh.
Ryan Do it.
Kelly You want to know why were sowhy were such insomniacs?
Ryan Why are we such insomniacs?
Kelly Embarrassing thoughts keep us awake at night.
laughter Ryan I think just thoughts.
Likelike a sum of all thoughts keep me awake.
Kelly Well thats what I said.
Ryan Everything happens.
Kelly Thoughts keep me awake at night not necessarily embarrassing thoughts.
Ryan Just thea flow.
Kelly I am a human experiment that you cannot die from embarrassment.
Ryan You are thats correct.
Kelly Im still here.
Ryan You are good on that.
Kelly Right.
Sobut they are saying that like daily blunders can creep into the margins of our brain and so we fall asleep but suddenly the thought of something mortifying that happened during the day creeps in and Ryan It does.
Kelly Right.
Ryan It does but that is liketheres 40 other thoughts happening at the same time.
Kelly Right.
Ryan So one by one shh!
I try and quiet them.
Kelly Right.
Ryan Shh.
Then the alarm goes off.
Its morning I still laughter Im still trying to quiet them.
Kelly Youre trying to quiet the Ryan Im trying to quiet you know I mean I try to quiet the thoughts.
Hard to do sometimes.
Kelly I always worry that Ive hurt somebodys feelings and that creeps back to me.
You know likeyou know my sense of humor.
Sometimes Ill like Ryan Yeah.
Kelly Ill use some of my best stuff on people I dont know that well and theyre like Ryan Right and they take Kelly And I go No Im kidding.
See thats my Ryan Thats my personality.
laughter Kelly And then that creeps in at night.
I go Oh I dont think soandso got my humor at the funeral today.
laughter Right?
laughter Ryan No Ive never had that happen.
Today on the show?
Gelman Yeah we Ryan Kate Hudson is here.
Ready for Kate Hudson?
cheers and applause Kelly Pitbull is also here.
Ryan Winston Duke is here.
Kelly Yeah and a performance by Daughtry.
Ryan Now tomorrows the Fourth of July and all week long were playing a special audience edition of Stump the Hosts where an audience member shares a summerthemed truth or lie and we have to figure out which one is true.
Kelly Yeah if they stump us they get a Kelly and Ryan mug and a 1200 appliance package from Cuisinart.
Thats right.
cheers and applause Ryan All right?
Kelly So far this week we have notthats right not been stumped.
But the week is... Gelman Its still young.
Ryan The week is young.
Kelly Still young.
Ryan Cover your mug Kelly.
Kelly All right.
Ryan Its time for Stump the Hosts Audience Edition.
cheers and applause  Pump up the jam  it up  While your feet are stompin  And the jam is pumpin  Look at here  The crowd is jumpin  Pump it up a little more  Get the party going  On the dance floor  See cause thats where  The partys at  And youll find out  If you do that  Ryan See them all on the dance floor.
There she is.
cheers and applause You know her you love her as Jessica Jackson from Phoenix Arizona.
Jessica happy Fourth.
Kelly Hi.
cheers and applause Ryan Good to have you with us.
Kelly Thats the other Jessie J. Ryan laughs So were gonna meet the studio audience member now right?
Kelly Yeah thats right.
Lets meet our participant from Knoxville Tennessee.
Where is Kristy Bruce?
cheers and applause Hi.
Ryan Hi Kristy.
Kelly Hi adorable.
Hey girl.
Kelly How you doing?
Hi.
Ryan Hi!
Kelly Hi!
Ryan How you doing?
Im great.
How are you doing?
Ryan Its a pleasure.
Kelly I gotta tell you Kristy Bruce you have an absolute joyful joyful sunshine face.
Oh thank you.
Kelly You really do.
cheers and applause You have a smile that makes me smile.
Oh well good.
Im glad.
Kelly Yeah thats good.
So you should win bonus points.
Ryan We hope so.
Yes yes.
Bonus points yes.
Kelly Just for that.
Ryan So youre gonna give us two statements.
Okay.
Ryan All right?
Were gonna try and guess which is true.
If you stump us you win.
Okay.
All right this is gonna be hard.
Both Okay.
All right here we go.
The first lie or no the first truth or lie is um...
Growing up we had a houseboat on Norris Lake in Knoxville Tennessee and my family had a boat and we would all ski.
We would all do it there were four of us sometimes five.
We would all line up and we would do pyramids.
Kelly Behind the houseboat.
house well not the houseboat cause we had a boat but we kind of just Ryan So you had a houseboat and a ski boat.
Right.
So we wouldwe would go out and we would ski out and sometimes we would compete.
We were the McMichaels.
We would travel and do local competitions.
Ryan All right whats the second one?
Then well start asking questions.
The second one is I was Miss Tiny Tot of Tennessee.
Kelly gasps And on Fourth of July I would do the Fourth of July parade and sit on the convertible and wave to the crowd.
Yeah.
Kelly Okay let me see your parade wave.
Well it was bad because my mom told me you know I would wave like this you know to everybody.
They were like No no no.
Youve got to you gotta give it.
You know you gotta give it good.
Kelly And how old were you when you were Miss Tiny Tot?
I was seven.
Kelly Seven.
Ryan Is Miss Tiny Tot... Kelly I dont care.
I wantnt her to be Miss Tiny To because laughter Im like youre Miss Tiny Tot of this show.
Ryan Is there a Miss Tiny Tot circuit out there?
Miss Tiny Tot.
Kelly Its very rare that I am bigger than somebody.
Both Yes.
Ryan What does the audience think?
What does the audience have to say about this?
Oh wow.
Kelly Oh wow.
Ryan I mean they really believe you have all those boats.
Kelly But I want her to be Miss Oh!
What is going on right now?
Ryan Its staying 8020.
Kelly I wanna believe that Ryan Do you want to go with it Kel?
Gelman Go with what you Ryan You know its your fathers birthday.
Gelman All right.
Ryan You go with what you want.
Uhuh.
Kelly She laughter Im not gonna say a word.
Kelly Um... All right lets just say that Ill go with the audience and say that she was part of a waterskiing troop.
Ryan Is that true?
No.
I was Miss Tiny Tot of Tennessee.
cheers and applause You wanted me to be Miss Tiny Tot and I was!
cheers and applause I was Miss Leprechaun too.
Kelly Iyou were?
Oh yeah I had multiple titles.
Ryan You are amazing.
Kelly Shes a multiple title winner!
Gelman Jeez.
Ryan Shes going down in history ladies and gentlemen.
Kelly All right so now you help a member of our studio audience receive a 500 gift card from Club Monaco.
Ryan All right so get out your tickets.
Can I pick one of my friends?
Kelly Yeah you pick Uh you canif you can find their number you can pick one of your friends.
Okay.
Gelman No looking.
Im looking.
Im looking Christy Vining.
Im looking.
Im just kidding.
Uh lets see here.
Ryan 125.
There you go.
Kelly All right.
Ryan Right over there in the corner.
That was so fun.
Ryan Kristy so nice to meet you.
You too.
Youre a blast.
Ryan Well be right back with Kate Hudson.
cheers and applause Announcer Still ahead on Live a performance by Daughtry actor Winston Duke Pitbull and coming up next Kate Hudson.
Kelly Shes a successful actress a bestselling author a clothing entrepreneur and one of the most lovable people we know.
Please welcome back to the show Kate Hudson.
cheers and applause upbeat music Ryan Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Thanks!
Kelly Its so funny.
I saw that dress hanging backstage and I was like Yes!
Kelly I was like Oh my gosh.
I made it.
Kelly I thought that was for me.
laughter Ryan She can get you one.
Ill get you one.
Kelly It is very cute.
Its made out of organic cotton.
Kelly No kidding.
Yeah.
Kelly So pretty.
Ah Im excited to talk about it.
But first I want to say that I I wouldyou took my job.
I would love to be in a bikini pointing at cars.
Ryan Oh really?
Kelly Well you could be.
I love a fast car.
Kelly Listen.
And I love a bikini.
Ryan Do youhey.
Do you remember the Whitesnake video where they were dancing on the Yes.
Kelly Yeah of course.
Ryan That could be us on the hood.
Totally into it.
Kelly Letsokay.
I smell a tape piece.
Ryan Hey Gelman.
laughter Were just booking the show left and right.
So you are a mom of... Kelly Three.
Ryan Three now.
Three yeah.
Or five cheers and applause I say 500.
Its like it feels like I have 500 kids.
Thats what it feels like.
Kelly You go from mantoman defense to zone defense.
Whoo!
Kelly And I dont know what that means it just seems like it ratchets up a lot.
Oh my god.
And everyones like How are you?
And Im like Exhausted.
Im so tired.
Ryan How old is thesix months is the latest addition?
Shes six months yesterday.
Kelly Oh is she cute.
Ryan Oh my god.
Look at her little thighs.
Ryan Thats Oh my god you guys.
Kelly Do you ever do you chew on her legs?
Im out of my mind.
Kelly You chew on her.
I chew on everything.
Kelly Mmhmm.
ImI mean were all out of our minds with Rani.
She is so cute.
Ryan I love your copper pans though.
Those are nice in the kitchen.
Oh yeah?
Ryan Yeah.
Kelly Copper pans?
You noticed pans?
I have copper pans.
Ryan Yeah she has beautiful copper pans.
I actually collect copper pans.
Ryan Oh you do?
Yeah.
Ryan Oh well see?
And I engrave them and everything.
Ryan Look at that.
Yeah.
Kelly Its so funny.
I was so busy looking at the babe I didI was like Copper pans?
Ryans like Nice copper pans.
Ryan Yeah ImIm installing a kitchen right now.
Kelly Is sheare her big brothers involved or are they like at the place where theyre like Oh thatsyou know like Thats a diaper?
Ryders 15 which is crazy.
I mean its like I meanazy.
hes almosthes getting up to 6 feet.
And hes such a great boy.
Ryan Hes a man.
Young man.
Ryan Yeah.
mimics sobbing Kelly Its okay.
But the other day we were I know.
Im like what is it?
Hes so old.
Uh but no hethe other day we went to breakfast and I was juggling a million things and I think its like you know really wise to go alone with three kids.
You know its like Hey lets go to breakfast kids.
And then next thing you know Im not eating Im juggling everything and I go to Ryder Ryder just take Rani and I went to go get my food at the buffet and I looked over and heres this young man holding his sisIit was the craziest image to me.
and I just thought life is really weird.
Ryan And it goes fast.
Its so fast yeah but I was like 12 when II mean I Ryan You were 12 when you had him?
Yeah in terms of like a Hollywood actress.
Kelly Right.
I say in terms of a Hollywood actress I was like a teen mom.
I mean thatsyou know.
Yeah me and Reese were like teen moms.
Kelly Yeah thats true.
Like we had kids really super young.
Ryan I mean just from your posts like you dont let being a busy mom not have you have fun.
Like you still like really laughter Yeah you know what I mean?
Like you still are you.
Kelly But dont you think you learned that from your family?
Like your familywhen I look at your family its with like admiration and envy cause you all seem like youre having fun...
Both All the time.
Yeah my parents left us to have fun all the time.
Yeah it was like Where are you going?
Theyre like Were going to Tahiti.
laughter Okay.
Ryan See you in two weeks!
Yeah exactly.
Uh no.
Yeah Iwe do.
Wewe have fun.
I mean II make sure that you know kids are good and that I take time to you know... Ryan To enjoy.
Let out some steam.
Although lately its been hard cause Im still breastfeeding.
I gotta be honest.
Kelly Yeah.
Its like my 40th is coming up and I keep saying Im justI deserve a really good hangover and its gonna happen.
Kelly Listen.
I want to give you a birthday present.
I will watch your children so you can go tie one on.
I will do the whole Ryan And Illand Ill go tie one on with you.
Thats good.
Perfect.
Kelly I will take care care of the babies.
Im very responsible.
So now theres Ryan Break it down.
Kelly Musicians in your family.
Youre very musical.
I love to sing.
Kelly Yeah.
And I play piano.
Kelly I didnt know that.
Yeah but its likeI keep forgetting I cant swear on these shows.
I almost went there.
Im not very good at it.
ImI can write on the piano but I cant like sit down and read music and be like you know Kelly Play a concerto.
Yeah yeah.
Ryan Well why dont you release a single?
I have a movie coming out I think its gonna be in the fallthats a musical that Sia directed.
Kelly Oh.
Ryan Oh wow.
Yeah its the first time Ive actually sang contemporary music.
Thats really exciting.
And I think after that Ill probablyeven just because I feelI feel like its one of those things I have to do at some point is I just have to put something out there.
Ryan Listen.
I dont care what it does.
Ryan Do a Kelly You know people that work on the radio.
Oh yeah thats right.
Ryan Yeah.
laughs Oh that guy.
Ryan I tell you how to make it a hit.
Yeah.
Ryan Collaborate with DJ Khaled.
Right.
Ryan Thats all you gotta do.
Just get DJ Khaled Kate Hudson.
Kelly Or Mr. Worldwide.
Ryan Or Mr. Worldwide.
Ryan Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
Kelly Mmhmm.
I got it.
I missyou know what though.
I have to say I miss bands.h.
I really do.
Like my sons really musical.
Bing is insanelike almost he has drums.
I cant get him out of his drumming room.
Ryan Thats great.
Hes now started playing keyboard and hes never had a piano.
Oh yeah hes not even eight years old.
Ryan Hes got it in the genes.
Its kind of crazy.
And I just thought you know Oh hes gonna get in a band and like ugh its gonna be tough.
Ryan Yeah yeah hes gonna tour the world.
Its gonna be a hard life.
Kelly Yeah but its an exciting life dont you think?
Being aa touring musician?
Ryan Well she wasyou have some experience with that.
I mean itsits a lot of work you know?
And its amazing when you love it but its a whole different like jazz cats like all the people that are like Im really close to and touring musicians who still like spend you know 200 days a year...
Both On the road.
Its a lot.
Kelly Im thinking about your parents right?
They were probably like Oh gosh not acting.
Its such alike an unstable career right?
If you have a calling for it... Yeah do it.
Kelly Imagine if your mom said to you Kate listen.
Anything but acting.
Yeah I would have been very yeah it would have been hard.
Ryan But youre entrepreneuring.
I mean youve got all of these fashion brands.
Youve got a new fashion.
I just cant stop working.
Ryan Great.
I love to work and like I Kelly Well youre good at it.
Ive always wanted to design clothes and Ryan Whats Happy x Nature?
So Happy x Nature is my first like ready to wear fashion line.
Kelly Its fantastic.
Im so happy for you.
Thank you.
Im really excited.
Im excited.
Its one of those things.
Ive been working really hard on it.
I feel like every time I put my name to anything whether Im endorsing it or making it like this I have to believe in it and it has to be something that I feel is important.
And so this is a very ecofriendly line and the fashion industry is like the worstnumber two worst carbon footprint of all industries.
And I really feel like the fashion industry needs to look at how theyre making things and start changing the way that they do stuff and its I feel like we cheers and applause Yeah.
Kelly Well And I feel like were gonna really hopefully make an impact there.
Kelly Well youre a nature girl.
You grew up in nature really I mean so Yeah.
Ryan In Brentwood.
In Brent Kelly No but she also Coloshes a Colorado girl.
Ryan Oh Colorado.
Okay.
And then Brentwood.
Ryan Then Brentwood.
laughter Kelly Um and this this is Yeah yeah.
Ryan Um all right.
Kelly This is beautiful.
Thank you.
Ryan So you can go to our website for more information about Kates fashion line Happy x Nature.shion line cheers and applause Great to see you.
Announcer Still ahead on Live well talk with Pitbull.
 Excuse me excuse me  cheers and applause Kelly Mr. Worldwide dancers.
Ryan Yeah you and me both.
Kelly Right?
Ryan He is a Grammywinning international superstar Mr. 305 Mr. Worldwide.
Please welcome Pitbull.
cheers and applause Whoo!
Whoo!
upbeat music Got em.
Got em got em got em.
cheers and applause Kelly Hi!
How you doing?
Kelly How are you?
Yes sir.
Ryan Good to see you baby.
Yes sir.
Ryan Love it.
I mean the fans the fans go nuts.
Kelly laughter Yeah.
Ryan Armando fans are here.
Whoohoo!
cheers and applause I thinkI think I got the wrong glasses on.
Kelly Oh yeah yeah.
laughter Oh my gosh.
I know.
Im sorry.
You look Ryan Studious.
But I can see everybody really close right now.
laughter Kelly Sorry about that.
Sorry.
Ryan So listen.
You just... Boom.
There we go.
Ryan To go back for people who dont know your story.
It is an incredible story.
Been very blessed.
Thank God.
And thanks to the fans.
I wouldnt be here without yall.
Ryan Im gonna talk about cheers and applause The challenges at the beginning for you and what you did to overcome to get to be who you are now.
Well I mean uh oof.
A lot of different obstacles but I think that thats what makes the journey fun.s what You know from nothing to something.
A whole lot of nos thats for sure.
And a whole lot of you cant you wont you never will dont youre crazy how dare you?
Impossible.
And then I flipped every word by the way.
So my daughter taught me in the word impossible is possible.
Both Yeah.
Right?
And I took the word cant is can.
Wont is won.
Dont is do.
And thats exactly what we doing with our career.
Kelly Its really 20 years in the game baby.
cheers and applause Ryan 20 years too yeah.
Kelly Isnt that great?
Ryan Thats amazing.
cheers and applause Kelly You got your first record deal from a rap battle.
Yeah it was a rap battle againstback in the day it was a crew called the Ruff Ryders.
A guy named DMX was a part of it.
I was veryI was invited to his video shoot and I battled this guy named DragOn at the video shoot.
Swizz Beatz was there.
And Swizz Beatz told me Ill give you three rounds with the draghes a dragon you know?
Hes gonna burn you.
I was like Man Im just happy to be here.
Kelly Right.
laughter I had home court advantage.
It was in Miami.
Both Yeah.
Okay.
I flipped a coupuple words in Spanish here and there called out a couple neighborhoods that worked out you know?
And we won.
Kelly Oh my god.
Thats great.
And thats where it all started.
Yep.
You know whats crazy is is thats on video.
And the footage you cant find it anywhere.
Ryan Really?
Crazy enough yeah.
Theres a guy out there.
Jamie if youre looking at this I know you still got that footage.
Kelly Jamie.
Ryan Lets go.
Cough it up.
We need to show the world that Jamie.
Kelly I would love to see that.
Oh you will.
You will.
Now that I said that youll see it.
Itll be out Ryan And also when you were growing up and your mom would put on tapes of Tony Robbins in the car right?
So I lived in a neighborhood called Carol City in Miami.
And I was not trying to listen to Tony Robbins.
And whenever my mom could take me to school it was a 82 Pinto that she would take me to school in.
And she saidshe put Tony on.
I wanted to hear like 2 Live Crew and Poison Clan.
laughter So one day I go to change the radio you know to my music and shes like Bam.
And she said Do you pay for this car?
I said No.
She said Well then dont touch my radio.
laughter Kelly And so you were listening to Tony Robbins?
So subliminally I started listening to Tony and all it took was one story which is the story about Colonel Sanders and how it took him 1007 nos before he could sell his recipe.
And I thought about it like Man its hard to get one no out of my mom.
Like man imagine 1007 of em.
So the word no became yes.
You know?
I welcome failure.
the slip.
fall.
no.
I mean well you guys know.
Kelly Yeah of course.
Yeah and failures the mother of all success and Ive learned that throughout the game and every record that has been huge for us around the world thanks to you guys every record exec said Not gonna work.
So the minute that they do say Oh thats a hit Im like Oh throw that out the window.
laughter Ryan Itsits true.
Its true.
I mean youve hadits like I have the fortunate opportunity to play Pitbulls music every single day.
Well I put you in one of the records.
Ryan He put me in a lyric.
I was so excited.
And I Kelly Wait wait wait.
What lyric?
It was um... Give Me Everything.
Ryan Which is a huge global hit.
Where I said My familys from Cuba but Im an American idol getting money like Seacrest.
Kelly Oh yes!
laughter Ryan More with Pitbull how he became an ugly dog after this.
Yeeow!
Announcer Tomorrow on Live the cast of Stranger Things.
You call that a dog?
dog growls Its all right guys.
Slick Dogs got this.
upbeat music What are you doing?
Having fun getting crazy getting loose.
Go.
Ill stall him.
Go!
Go go!
laughter cheers and applause Ryan Thats great.
Kelly Something for the parents.
Little something for the parents.
Yeah.
Kelly Thats a scene from UglyDolls starring Pitbull.
Yeah.
cheers and applause Kelly You play a character named Uglydog.
Yeah you know Iyou know the people at the studio really thought this out thoroughly and they was like You know your names Pitbull.
We want you to play this dog.
laughter I was like Man you guys are geniuses.
Ryan With awith an alter ego though.
Yeah but its great.
Well you know thats why I brought the glasses out today cause Im also Slick Dog.
Both Right.
So Im Uglydog and Slick Dog in the movie.
And what I love about this movie reallyyou know why I signed up for it its thehy I perfect time for the perfect message to let everybody know that believe it or not perfection doesnt exist.
Ryan Yeah.
You know?
cheers and applause And also flip the word ugly which the word ugly is You gotta love yourself.
Okay?
cheers and applause And laughter Learning a little bit today huh?
Ryan Yeah.
And especially in a society where you got all the kids right now on social media and its all about followers and likes when it really should be about leaders and unique.
Thats what ityou know who caresforget about following.
You know be yourself.
Love yourself.
And thats what this movie is all about.
You got Uglyville and Perfectville.
And guess what?
Everybody in Uglyville man they love each other they have fun with each other make fun of they enjoy each other.
Everybody in Perfectville they just you know everybody does the same thing and they all look all so UglyvilleI cant spoil the movie for yall.
laughter You know?
Ryan Theyre getting loose in Uglyville.
I get loose I have fun you know I get a chance to enjoy and so it was a lot of fun.
Obviously you see Im very excited about it.
And they gave me a chance to actually be me in a cartoon character.
Kelly Its really great.
Yeah its fun.
A lot of fun.
Ryan Have you thought about being you in a movie?
Well you know let me tell you Im Mr. Worldwide.
All right?
But Ryan okay Ryan is Mr. Nonexclusive.
laughter This man has a deal with everybody.
laughter So Im like Ryan how can I use your attorney okay?
laughter So you would understand me when it comes to movies.
Im moreI like to be more offcamera invest and be partners in it.
Kelly So are you saying you want Ryan to star as you Oh that would be great.
That would be great.
cheers and applause There you go.
What?
Yeah!
Get it get it get it.
laughter cheers and applause Kelly I just would watch it all day.
Dont hate.
Oh that was great.
Kelly Thats the greatest thing Ive ever seen.
cheers and applause UglyDolls make sure you check it out.
cheers and applause Announcer Friday on Live Ricky Gervais.
Ryan He is an awardwinning actor.
We know him as MBaku from Black Panther.
And now he stars in Jordan Peeles new thriller Us.
Please welcome Winston Duke everybody.
cheers and applause upbeat music Kelly How are you?
So great.
So great.
Kelly So happy to see you.
Ryan How are you?
Good to see you man.
Ryan Good to see you.
Oh wonderful.
Ryan Oh he feels like an Oscar winner.
Kelly Oh he does.
Yes you actually look like an Oscar winner.
From your lips to Gods ears.
Kelly Yes yes.
Ryan Well you guys did you won some Oscars for Black Panther.
Yeah we got three Oscars for Black Panther.
Kelly What a thrill.
Yes.
Kelly I mean really what a thrill.
And is the sequelare you working on the sequel?
Can we talk about that yet?
Is that your like smooth pitch to find out whats going on?
Kelly No just trying to figure out if there was a sequel in the works.
Yeah theres definitely a Black Panther 2... Kelly Good.
In the works.
cheers and applause Everythings very hushhush with Marvel and Disney around it but you know if youre eager for MBaku fix Ill be in the Avengers Infinity War part 2.
Kelly Okay great.
So thats coming.
Ryan So thats coming as well.
And we understand youre celebrating all the success.
You bought a house?
I did.
Ryan Congratulations Happy homeowner.
Thank you so much.
cheers and applause Kelly Thats what it is.
I thoughtI thought you looked more burdened than the last time I saw you.
I think its with all the home renovations thats what it is.
You know finding furniture that fits.
Kelly Exactly.
Yes yes.
Especially cause Im a big guy so Im always trying to make the things work but you know its all about size and scale.
Kelly You want a sumptuous sofa.
I like that word.
Kelly Yes.
Yeah sumptuous.
Kelly Yeah.
Ryan So you have to you actually are shopping for larger than normal Um not nor larger than normal.
Its just things that fit me but also are in proportion to the home.
Kelly You know these chairs seem to fit you well.
Maybe youd like to These work great.
I might take these.
Kelly These could be great for thefor the dining room?
Is this a gift?
Kelly Yes absolutely.
This is a gift.
Gelman we need new chairs.
laughter Ryan Are you moving anything from your current place into the new place?
Um a couple things.
But really its mainly our first family home in the States you know?
Kelly So great.
So its been just a pleasure to be able to do that be the first one to purchase Ryan Oh but you have he has citrus.
I do.
Ryan She wantsthats her dream is to have citrus.
Kelly My dream is to have a citrus plant of some kind.
I live in New York City so that dream is probably never going to happen.
Ryan unbeknownst to me in all the years Ryan I was keeping it on the DL like the sequel.
Kelly Has an orange grove.
Oh my god.
Kelly He has a secret orange grove.
What do you have?
Ryan In my secret garden.
I have kumquats.
Kelly Oh no kidding.
Kumquats.
And I actually Kelly The baby orange.
laughs Ryan You can eat them whole.
Yes actually cause the skin is sweet and the inside is sour.
Kelly Yes.
So there this like awesome little fruit.
Kelly You can make a chutney out of it.
Ooh!
Kelly I will make you some kumquat chutney.
Ooh she said chutney.
Kelly I will make you a chutney.
Can you say it again?
Kelly Chutney.
You could make a chutney out of your kumquats.
Did you know that?
Yes yes.
And I have a little present for you.
I brought you some of my kumquats.
Kelly No you did not.
I did.
Kelly Are these your kumquats?
These are my kumquats.
Kelly I am going to chutney this.
cheers and applause Oh my god.
Really?
You just pop one right in?
Yeah.
Ryan Theyre like satisfying in a poppy way.
Yeah yeah.
Theyre intense.
Theyre very intense.
Ryan You can eat the whole thing.
Kelly Mmm.
Yeah yeah yeah.
Ryan Do you have a Kelly These are fresh.
Yeah theyre very fresh.
laughter Theyre from my tree.
Winstons own.
laughter Kelly Were gonna make you were gonna makewere gonna manufacture your chutney.
Lets do it.
Kelly MBakus chutney.
laughter MBakus vegetarian chutney.
Kelly Tell me that I think thats a glorious Kelly That is a trilliondollar idea.
Ryan Do you cook?
Im gonna grab my I cook a little bit.
But because my size is always going up and down for each role Ryan Yeah I know the feeling.
laughter Kelly Do you have to do that a lot?
A lot.
A lot.
So for MBaku I gained about 40 pounds.
And then for upcoming movie Us Jordan Peele didnt want me to feel like a superhero so he was like If you could just eat some burgers or something.
So you can look just like a dad who has responsibilities other than going to the gym.
Kelly Isnt that amazing?
Like itsand I think that this is a uniquely male thing that men in their roles can go up and down the scale with relative ease.
Like just have a couple of burgers.
Yeah.
Itsitsitsthat was fun but then losing the weight is not.
Kelly No oh okay.
Well Im glad to hear you say that.
Ryan Lets take a break and this is your tree.
Just plant those and youll have your very own citrus tree.
Kelly Until the first frost.
cheers and applause Ryan Well come right back and talk about Us right after this.
 In the house  Where the heart dont cry  Announcer Tomorrow on Live a performance by O.A.R.
 And Im  Dreaming of you tonight  Now I thought I already done told yall to get off my property.
Okay?
So if yall want to get crazy we can get crazy!
Now the cops are already on they way.
clicking Hey.
Hey!
Hey!
cheers and applause Kelly laughing You got goosebumps?
Kelly Yes.
Ryan We are scared in thrillers like this.
Kelly Yes.
Jordan Peele I am convinced is a terrifying person in real life.
laughter He actually is really just like a calm smooth unassuming guy.
And youd never think that was going on up there.
Kelly What is going on up there though?
Yeah thats really the thing.
Kelly How does he come up with these scenarios?
I think hes just very imaginative and you know his take on American cinema cause I feel thats really what Get Out and this movie is doing is interrogating America as a culture with really interesting whatifs. Ryan How many people live through this?
Cause it looks I cant tell you that one.
Ryan Do you survive?
I cant tell you that one.
Ryan What can you tell us about this?
Kelly What can you tell us about Us?
laughter What can you tell us?
What I can say is that its deeply really just a family drama.
Its about a family caught in an interesting scenario and they have to fight for their lives and theyre confronted with essentially their own demons which are these doppelganger figures.
Ryan Oh boy.
That look exactly like them.
Ryan But at least you have a bat.
Yeah.
Kelly I mean lookI just want toI want everybody to look at that photo.
Hmm.
Kelly Tellthat is I mean Ryan Terrifying.
Yeah.
Kelly Terrifying.
Its terrifying and then you know being in that space headspace and that body was really tough to stay in because you had to go a I have to go to a really interesting place.
But werewe were well supported.
Kelly Was it a heavy place?
Um heavy emotionally becauseI cant tell you anything without giving a big spoiler.
But its a dark place for these characters and I never judge them.
I never looked at them as any kind of a villain.
Kelly You cant can you?
At all.
So that was a really big important part of doing the work is not judging those characters especially these ones.
And youll find out really soon why.
Ryan Well we truly get to see your versatility in everything that you do.
Great to have you with us man.
Kelly I love I love a Jordan Peele film.
cheers and applause Ryan Winston Duke.
Announcer If youd like to know more about anything you see on Live just log on toyou see our website at kellyandryan.com.
Announcer Closed captioning sponsored in part by... Ryan Make sure and join us tomorrow for an allnew Fourth of July party with special house band O.A.R.
Kelly Thats very exciting.
Ryan So well be here for that.
Now singing Backbone from their album Cage to Rattle it is Daughtry.
Lets go.
cheers and applause music Hey!
Hey!
 When youre hurting  Deep down  When youre feelin  Like youre never gonna  Dig your way out  Never gonna dig your way out  Keep pushing up the river  mining for the silver  Till youve shot gold  Gotta weather the storm  Cause it cant rain forever  No  Im telling you  We all fall on hard times  You know  Each day is a hard climb  You know  Some days your body  Has to carry on  So you gotta show  A little backbone  Oohoohwhooooh  Oohooh  You know  Oohoohwhooooh  Oohooh  You know  Oohoohwhooooh  Oohooh  You know  Oohoohwhooooh  You gotta show  A little backbone  These troubles so real  Were all facing  Temptations  And our own fears  Year after year  Cause it cant rain forever  No  Im telling you  We all fall on hard times  You know  Each day is a hard climb  You know  Some days your body  Has to carry on  So you gotta show  A little backbone  Oohoohwhooooh  Oohooh  You know  Oohoohwhooooh  Oohooh  You know  Oohoohwhooooh  Oohooh  You know you know  gotta show  A little backbone  Oohoohwhooooh  You gotta show  know  Oohoohwhooooh  You know  gotta show  Yeah you know  You gotta show  A little backbone  Are you strong enough  To get back up?
 When the chains  Hold you to the ground yeah  So lets break em down  Yeah uh  Lets break em down  Oohoohwhooooh  Oohooh  You know  Lets break em down  Oohoohwhooooh  Oohooh  Yeah  Oh Im telling you  We all fall on hard times  You know  Each day is a hard climb  You know  Some days your body  Has to carry on   So you gotta show a little 