Music The one and only TV 9 Music Announcer This is Daily Blast Live.
We are talking about what youre talking about.
Cause everyones talking about this.
Announcer Always live always real always unpredictable.
You are totally offbase here!
Announcer Log on and join our live conversation.
I cant believe Im saying this I do agree with you.
Announcer DBL starts right now.
Welcome to DBL.
Its Wednesday February 13th.
We are live and we are talking about what youre talking about.
Im here with Tory Jeff Al and Im Sam.
And if you havent noticed we have a very special guest cohost.
I know youve heard this a gazillion times by now but youre not only a friend youre my mentor and I really do owe sitting in this chair to you.
Theres a reason we worked with you.
Youre good.
That means so much to me.
Al Emergency fallout.
Well thank you for being here Dr.Drew.
We begin with an update to a story weve been tracking.
Jussies reps released a statement that says in part Chicago PD has repeatedly informed us that they find Jussies account of what happened that night consistent and credible.
This comes a day after a spokesperson for the Chicago Police Department said that the phone records that Jussie turned over Do not meet the burden for a criminal investigation as they were limited and heavily redacted.
Now Jussies reps contend that information was redacted to protect the privacy of personal contacts and other highprofile people who had nothing to do with the attack and tomorrow Jussie is sitting down with GMAs Robin Roberts in what looks to be a highly emotional interview.
Check out this teaser.
At any point during the attack did you fear for your life?
Dr.Drew I know on your radio show youve been following this case in and out.
What would you say to the narrative out there thats pushing that he may be making this up?
Its not our job to create a narrative its the Chicago PDs to figure out the facts and put that narrative together and then tell us what the deal is.
If he has overstated it for some reason Im also still worried about him and what happened that made him distort this thing.
So all of us sit back and just let this thing play out.
Its not our business!
Yeah I mean but you have to understand innocent until proven guilty is because we believe in America that we believe our victims at first.
And if its not true Dr.Drews right there might be something else wrong.
Were already this way and we havent seen anything.
I mean Tom Brady didnt give up his phone when it was Deflategate and yet were jumping on this guy.
I think anything that we get from this story will help push your narrative.
Theres money to be made from Division.
Yes unfortunately its the world we live in.
If this is proven to be a hoax now all the conspiracy theorists now go and you know what else was a hoax?
So its like everybody has unfortunately a financial interest in how this story turns out.
I guarantee you a lot of people commenting on this are not fans of his and dont care about his physical wellbeing.
They just see him or the kid at the National Museum with the Native American as just a way to furtherTheir agenda.
I just encourage people if there are holes in your story you think theres holes in his story which I dont watch the interview and make up your own opinion.
We will definitely be covering the interview tomorrow.
The media out there creates narrative.
Were having a conversation about it but you with those headlines that take a specific position one way or the other that is for the good of the network that is giving you the narrative and nothing else.
They wanna capture your eyes so they can make money.
Be an independent thinker please and chime in DBL Nation we wanna hear from you as well.
Well we finally have some good news coming out of Washington D.C.right now.
Sam were just two days away from another partial government shutdown but it looks like the president may now stop that from happening.
We told you about a tentative deal that congressional negotiators came up with Monday night.
Trump said he wasnt happy with the deal but Todays sources say that he is expected to sign it.
In the meantime Senator Ted Cruz is backing a different plan to get the President the money he wants for his wall.
Cruz sent this Tweet saying we should use the money U.S.prosecutors are seeking from nowconvicted El Chapo.
Theyre seeking 14 billion in drug profits and other assets and Cruz says that money should go towards securing the border.
Well we have a new top dog.
Meet King the Fox Terrier.
laughing Took home the Best in Show Award last night at the Westminster Dog Show in New York City.
Competition was rough but once again the Fox Terrier won the top prize.
This marks the 15th time that breed has come out on top much more than any other.
Sam But many were upset that the fanfavorite a Longhaired Dachshund named Burns Torys favorite did not win.
And in a socking turn of events the Schipperke named Colton who won the NonSporting Group was disqualifiedScandal!
Sam The moment before the judging due to a conflict of interest.
I thought I was back in France.
And this Sussex Spaniel named Bean who won the Sporting Group and finally meet Wilma the Boxer who took home the Gold for the Working Group.
Check out all these dogs who really got into the action.
Tory I know now first of all scandal really Tory?
Big scandal.
The Schipperke was in it and guess what?
They shook hands with the judge and said I need you to leave.
That is huge in the dog world am I right?
I dont know.
Yes because the judge was a coowner of said dog.
Shouldnt that be illegal?
Well it was.
He did a nice lap and then he walked.
The bearded guy that looks like Sherlock?
At some point that Dachshund was on that night and he stood like this and he and the crowdOkay.
Can I get a oneshot on Tory while she does that?
This is the Dachshund oneshot on Tory.
Al Please dont put me in it there you go.
And win that but it was Madison Square Garden!
Wow look at Jeff.
We covered this story more than the Super Bowl.
Can somebody explain to me why I watch it religiously every year after the Macys Parade on Thanksgiving?
This is insane.
