Good morning and welcome to Great Day Washington.
Plus were sharing how a group of local scientists are working hard to combat the pollution in the Potomac which is so important as we get that storm runoff this morning.
But first lets get over to WUSA9 meteorologist Howard Bernstein for an update on this flash flood warning were currently experiencing Howard?
Yeah Markette weve been tracking some very heavy rainfall over the last few hours.
These are flood warnings from Frederick in towards Southern Prince Georges County.
So much of the area under active flash flood warnings and these are the worst most dangerous type of flooding we can have because flash flooding happens very quickly.
It could catch you by surprise and it only takes a foot two feet of water to push your car off the road.
The good news is that up in Frederick at least the heaviest rains are done but even Howard County now under a flash flood warning til 1145.
Montgomery County on the East Side seeing some heavier rains but the heaviest rains and Mary and I were looking at this some of the precip intensities the rainfall intensities are in the five plus inches per hour in the heaviest parts so these are tropical downpours causing some flash flooding.
You see along I66 and South seems to be the heaviest.
Silver Spring youre starting to see not quite as heavy rain move in but everywhere you see orange and red very very heavy rainfall for Fedex Field right across the heart of D.C.Now moving down toward Alexandria here just about to Franconia.
So our friends down in Mount Vernon and Lowertown and areas of Prince Georges County outside the Beltway there.
Just generally South of Joint Base Andrews over toward Clinton and Melwood and Upper Marlboro get ready as this whole mass of water is moving down towards you with that flash flood warning until 1115 and Prince Georges County and we are gonna see better weather.
Once we get rid of this stuff this morning well see the activity shift off to the South and West as we get into the afternoon.
So the next one to two hours could be particularly bad with flooding but it will get better this afternoon Ellen.
I hope so cause the roads are not looking good right now.
This is a live look at the Beltway.
We had a closure here.
Theyve just opened a second left lane on the inner loop of the the Beltway by the American Legion Bridge.
Let me show you some of the backups because this has been going on for a while.
It sounds like there was a tree that fell onto a vehicle caused some sort of accident.
Theyre trying to move it over to the right hand side as quickly as possible but you can see from that camera thats what traffic looks like trying to head around the inner loop of the Beltway.
Weve had many rescues up in Frederick as well following Frederick County their police departments Twitter page.
These are just the main streets not even the side streets.
Definitely impacting you as you head out the door.
The U.S.Womens Soccer Team they got quite the welcome last night when they returned to their hotel in France.
The U.S.captured its fourth Womens World Cup title in a two to nothing win over the Netherlands.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio he invited the players to a ticker tape parade in Manhattans Canyon of Heroes on Wednesday.
Developing this morning there was panic inside Union Station after loud bangs were mistaken for gunshots.
The incident happened shortly before five last night and many people took to social media to document the chaos.
One guys said he looked for exit signs and walked out the back of a store with some other customers.
Its crazy and we live in a society not only in America but all across the world when we hear unexpected sounds it draws our attention to what could possibly be and fortunately unfortunately its just the type of times that we live in.
It scares people because you never know especially after 911.
You really never know whats gonna happen.
Now the panic caused a stampede.
When it comes to the person who set off the fireworks police tell us they are investigating but would not say if someone was arrested.
However with all of those cameras inside and outside it is likely at this point they know how this was carried out and who is responsible.
Just last week fireworks sparked a stampede at Navy Pier in Chicago.
Police there say a private security officer mistook the sounds of gunfire as gunfire and shouted for everyone to take cover.
At least 13 people were taken to the hospital after being trampled.
The police department posted the pictures of 11 year old Josh Brown tying Officer Wilsons shoe at the 4th of July parade that was held in the city.
Wilson noticed his shoe was untied and his fellow officers asked Josh to tie the shoe.
Josh said he was a little bit nervous but he got the job done.
Josh says he hopes to be a police officer when he grows up.
Last week the Board of Elections agreed to list X as a gender option along with M for male and F for female.
That law goes into effect on October 1st.
She and her husband Michael they welcomed a baby boy into the world yesterday.
Shes yet to reveal the baby boys name and we are all waiting for that.
I was her Miss America roommate.
I never thought Id get to announce her first child on air.
Congratulations Ashley.
Now were gonna send things out to Andi Hauser who is braving the rain this morning out in Alexandria.
Originally this morning we were gonna be out there.
We were talking about the Province which is that old tall ship thats now it has the permanent home here at Founders Park but in light of things since theres so many warnings and watches for flooding in the area we wanted to go ahead and show you what things are like right here in Alexandria and as you can see rain is certainly coming down.
Its coming down in buckets and of course there are many streets in this area that are prone to flooding especially when we were in that flash flood situation.
So already you know you can tell theres nobody out here and for good reason.
People have gone ahead and either found some shelter.
Just that dark line and it just continued to move closer and closer over the last 30 minutes which is where we are right now.
So Im gonna step in for a second dry off a little bit try and get the drops off my hat.
In the meantime lets send it back to the ladies in the nice dry studio.
Announcer The dating scene is trickier than ever in the digital age.
Back to you.
Everyone wants to buy houses these days but whom can you trust?
Music Express Homebuyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music A great man once said Knowledge is power so I want to give it to you.
What to do before and then if an auto accident happens so youll be protected and so you dont end up on the short end of the stick.
Im attorney Paul Samakow and Ive written a book that you and your family need to have.
Thousands of homeowners have trusted us to buy their house the hassle free way.
