Announcer Now ABC7 News At Noon on your side.
And we are wishing you a happy 4th of July as we come on the air at noon.
Millions all across the nation are celebrating America.
So many events happening in our area theyre happening right now.
The National Independence Day Parade is just kicking off.
That happened just a short time ago and for now it looks like the weather is cooperating but we are bracing for some storms and our Steve Rudin hes got the timing and he is tracking all of this for us.
Same to you Lindsey and we are looking at the greatest threat for those stronger storms or heavier downpours later on this afternoon into the early evening hours.
Looking downstream on the Potomac from our camera atop The Watergate Hotel we are dry right now but that is going to change over the next several hours.
Were gonna stop it for you at two oclock and look at how quickly this model has those storms popping up.
Could bring heavy rains to the District Arlington and Alexandria four pm and continue as we move into the all important six oclock seven oclock hour.
That is just part of the story with feels like temperatures now in the middle 90s.
Coming up in a few minutes an updated look at our FutureCast plus were looking ahead to the rest of the long holiday weekend.
All right Steve and we do want to talk about that just the weather is holding up so far for that National Independence Day Parade and our Nathan Baca is there.
Just how crowded is it right now?
So Nathan happy 4th of July to you.
Just to give you context heres the National Archives over here and you see some people here celebrating 4th of July.
So this is whats going on right now.
That right there is the Parade and Im gonna show you some of the floats on down the way.
Well we just to give you some context again police are telling people to stay on back.
In fact this is what some people that were visiting not only from Alexandria for the first time but also from Georgia had to say.
You see one of those bands right there.
All right now I talked about one of those bands.
That is what she was coming to hear and there are plenty more bands and plenty more floats coming on by.
So again the situation here we do have a lot more Ill say a lot more political signs a lot more political hats and advertisements that typically you would see on a 4th of July parade but a lot of folks are here just coming in from all around the country hoping to just get a good party and a good old D.C parade.
Reporting live from Constitution and Seventh Nathan Baca ABC7 News.
All right Nathan enjoy it down there and that is just one of many parades going on in our area.
The streets of Arlington it was packed there for the annual Barcroft Parade.
and this evening President Trump he is going to do his Salute to America with an independence extravaganza featuring tanks military flyovers and a speech at The Lincoln Memorial but some say the President is politicizing a national holiday.
Mona It will be the show of a lifetime President Trump has promised on Twitter ahead of his extravagant 4th of July celebration.
The Salute to America spectacle will also include multiple military flyovers and an extended fireworks show topped off with a speech from the Commander and Chief himself.
Its also sparking backlash from critics who accused the President of staging a glorified campaign rally and turning the celebration into a partisan event.
The event is free but The White House has given VIP tickets to Republican National Committee and top donors.
It reminds me of the Soviet Union.
Its unpatriotic because thats militarism is not what American patriotism is about.
As for the price tag neither the Administration nor the Pentagon has disclosed what the cost will be to taxpayers but ABC News has learned the National Park Service is reportedly diverting 2.5 million dollars from improvement projects.
President Trump adding overnight the fireworks have been donated and the cost will quote be very little compared to what it is worth and the 750000 worth of fireworks were donated by an Ohio company that lobbied the President last month to hold off on new tariffs on China.
The President announced he would do so the same day he announced the donation.
Mona Kosar Abdi ABC News Washington.
Security will be tight downtown today and tonight for Independence Day celebrations and for President Trumps Salute to America.
Each event has strict guidelines on what you can bring and what you cannot.
No weapons no alcohol not even drones or balloons are allowed and for the Salute to America no backpacks no large purses coolers or Tablets.
For a complete list you can head over to our website WJLA.com and you can find everything that you need to know for today all in one list whether youre heading to events wanting to avoid the city or watching fireworks in your neighborhood it is all on our free ABC7 News app.
we have a reminder this Independence Day that fireworks are not toys and they need to be used properly.
They like to do these demonstrations to show just how quickly things can go wrong when fireworks are not handled properly.
New data reveals that emergency rooms across the US treated more than nine thousand fireworks related injuries last year.
More than half of those injuries involving young children were caused by Sparklers.
Happening right now the 103th Annual Nathans Hot Dog Eating Contest is going on in Coney Island New York and 11 time champ Joey Chestnut looks like he might make history again.
He set a world record last year he ate 74 hot dogs in 10 minutes.
We are monitoring that and of course we will have some video for you later.
Coming up next at noon its probably the largest display of stars and stripes that youll see this holiday.
Find out where this is plus celebrating America we have got a lot more on the events happening here and around the nation.
To get instantly breaking news severe weather and traffic alerts.
Narrator Hurry in now to Value City Furniture for the 4th of July sale and save 10 to 30 off store wide or enjoy 48 months special financing on 9.99 or more with payments starting as low as 21 a month.
