Announcer Its LIVE with Kelly and Ryan.
Today we catch up with Kate Hudson and Mr.Worldwide Pitbull.
Plus straight from the big screen actor Winston Duke.
Here are Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest.
And now...
Good Morning.
I like that one.
Electricity right?
A little Dua Lipa there and the gang.
Hey it is Wednesday July 3rd 2019.
It is my dads birthday today!
Happy birthday Joe Ripa.
Its a big one.
Im not gonna blow up your age.
Does he have a traditional celebration?
Well you know every year he likes to say that they do fireworks and they have a big cookout.
You know that was for me.
That was for me that whole thing up in the sky.
Well my greatest memory of your father is he and I laying on a chaise lounge in The Bahamas together with him giving me life advice and guidance and asking if I wanted representation by him to negotiate my next deal.
He was gonna be my union member.
It was the sweet stammersGelman He was trying to unionize you.
He was telling us that we needed to unionize.
And I said We are in a union Dad.
Believe it or not we are in a union.
I felt like he accepted me in that moment.
He really did.
The two of you wereRight.
laughs I have pictures of that and theyre some of my favorite memories.
The two of you It wasBecause you take on my dads personality when you talk to my dad.
I became stern.
Yeah.
I became...My voice got deeper.
I find when I talk to athletes too I do the same thing.
Right.
Like I So how was the game?
And you always say to my dad Joe Ripa.
Yeah its like you puff up and then you call him both namesJoe Ripa.
Which most people do.
Most people call me both names.
Kelly Ripa.
Yeah well its like one.
I mean come on Kelly Ripa.
Theres Kelly Ripa.
Kelly Ripa through the park.
But I mean before this show Im going back to high school.
I was both names.
Listen if youreYoure making me more of a sound than...laughs laughs Well happy Fourth of July Keripa.
Thank you.
I was reading this about you know thank you for tuning in in the morning.
I dont know what your morning routines are your morning habits are but theres a whole article on surprising morning habits that can give you more anxiety.
And just by reading it I got more anxiety.
Right of course.
You saying the word anxiety Gives youGave me anxiety.
Cortisols releasing right now isnt it?
Right now yeah.
Is cortisol releasing into your system?
Well let it out.
Thats why I stopped wearing pants with a zipper.
Yeah cant do it.
Thats the reason.
I cant do it.
I cant work in live TV and have a waistband.
No waist anymore.
Im like forget it.
The cortisol spikes its not gonna affect me Well listenCause my dress is just gonna widen.
Do you jumpThey say its bad for you to jump right outta bed.
Like to get right outta bed is bad.
It causes a spike in all of that.
Or do you lay there for I lay there and moan for a minute.
I usually set snooze.
I do one snooze butI find it to be painful.
The snooze?
Cause I know its coming and I cant you know its like that anxiety?
But see that gives me anxiety knowing its coming.
I just burped and that gave me anxiety.
By the way...Can I say that garlic smells great.
Oh no its not.
Its not garlic.
