Have you been told you cant get high speed internet where you live?
Well you can with Hughes Net Gen5.
Experience the power of next generation satellite internet wherever you live.
Hughes Net Gen5 is fast youll get 25 Mbps plus builtin wifi and theres no hard data limits.
So wherever you live now you can do more of everything you love online.
Connect on social media.
No wonder Hughes Net is Americas number one choice for satellite internet.
Announcer Act now to save big with our limited time offer.
Get free standard installation by calling right now.
So what are you waiting for?
Announcer To order call 18007485218.
Be sure to ask about our home phone service too.
And welcome back to this very special night at St.Anselm College in Manchester New Hampshire.
Im Anderson Cooper.
We are just getting started with our CNN Democratic presidential town hall event.
In the last hour you heard from Senator Amy Klobuchar.
And later tonight youll see town halls with Senators Bernie Sanders and Kamala Harris and Mayor Pete Buttigieg.
Now to pull this event off tonight CNN has partnered with Harvard Universitys Institute of Politics which has just released its youth poll examining the political opinions of young Americans.
And also with the New Hampshire Institute of Politics right here at Saint Anselm College.
Throughout the night the candidates will take questions from these young college students and young adults who are in the auditorium who say they plan to vote in their states Democratic primaries and caucuses.
So please welcome to the stage Senator Elizabeth Warren.
Hi.
Hi its good to see you.
You want to have a seat?
Are we going to do students?
Lets go right to it.
In that case I want closer.
Have to keep an eye on the ones in the back oaky.
I want to start with your big announcement today about college affordability.
Obviously it could impact a lot of students here.
For that I want to bring in Dena Miller from Massachusetts.
Shes a junior at St.Anselm College studying history Dena.
Hi Senator.
I like so many other students had to take out loans to pay for my education that I will be paying off for years.
What is your plan to deal with student debt and the rising cost of education?
Okay thanks for the question Dena.
You know this is the America we live in now.
Basically to get a shot at a middle class life youve got to have some post high school technical training twoyear college fouryear college maybe graduate school depending on who you are and what youre ending up doing.
The position of the federal government has been good luck to you youre on your own.
The one thing theyve done is theyve lent tens of thousands hundreds of thousands millions billions of dollars to our students.
And it is now crushing them.
So my proposal is to say this isnt right.
What we have to do as a country is roll back that debt.
And so I have two parts to the proposal.
Part one is that we say that were going to roll back student loan debt for about 95 of students who have debt.
Thats part one.
And part two is to make sure that we never get in this mess again on student loan debt and that is to make college universally available with free tuition and fees and to put more money into Pell grants so that students of color so that our poorest students have real access to college and that we put real money into our historically black colleges and universities.
And can we talk about how to pay for it?
I was just about to ask for it.
Well that is the criticism obviously from Republicans who say how youre going to pay for it and even from centrist Democrats who say doesnt this feed the narrative that Democrats want to give everything away for free.
So lets remember where this all started.
I started several months ago about a wealth tax an ultra millionaires tax.
Its 2 cents on every dollar of the great fortunes above 50 million.
So your 50 millionth and first dollar youve got to pay 2 cents and 2 cents on all of the dollars after that.
And heres the stunning part.
If we ask the great fortunes in this country understand this isnt about trying to be nasty or say youve done anything wrong what its about is saying look you had a great idea.
You got out there.
You worked hard or you inherited well whichever one it was.
But now that youve got that great fortune spend just a minute to remember how you got it.
You built that great business or your ancestors did using workers that all of us helped pay to educate.
You got your goods to market using roads and bridges that all of us helped pay to build.
You are protected in your factories with firefighters and police officers that all of us helped to pay.
And we say good for you that you have now gotten this great fortune but 2 cents.
Youve got to pay something back so everybody else gets a chance.
And heres how the money works out.
If we put that 2 cent wealth tax in place on the 75000 largest fortunes in this country 2 cents we can do universal child care for every baby zero to five universal preK universal college and knock back the student loan debt burden for 95 of our students and still have nearly a trillion dollars left over.
Yeah.
I want you to this is actually kind of related.
Hi Meghan.
Shes a graduate you got to listen to this shes a graduate student at Harvard and MIT.
Shes also a contributor at Forbes where she covers women running high impact organizations in Africa.
You make me feel like a shlub I mean.
What do you do in your spare time Meghan?
Its good to see you.
Thank you for being here.
So Amazons monopoly means that I can buy generic goods and brand names from my phone and receive them on my doorstep without a delivery fee within 24 hours.
How is breaking up big tech good for me?
Okay good question Meghan.
So heres what we want to remember about Amazon about Google about Apple about a lot of these giant tech companies.
They actually run two businesses.
So one is the platform.
Thats the place where people come to buy and sell goods.
Thats where you go to get whatever it is you know you can compare 48 printers and get it all delivered in less than 24 hours.
Got it.
Cool.
Thats the platform.
Just so you get an idea of the scale here for Amazon Walmart does about 9 of all retail sales in America.
If you want to sell online Amazon is doing about 49 of all retail sales that are happening in America.
So that is the marketplace.
So Amazon runs the marketplace.
Im cool with that.
But Amazon does a second thing and that is they collect information on every buyer and seller who comes through.
