
 Narrator And did they have an impact on peoples lives?
 One of the most important bands to ever walk the Earth.
 Their influence will never ever go away.
 They had the perfect combination with a classic lineup.
 They had the personalities that could create friction but created great music. And they dont come along very often.
 It was just a giant firework display that was just the best youve ever seen. But it wasnt built to last.
 It exploded into the sky and we all went Aah! and it was gone fabulous.
 We have a death.
 We need to confirm identification and then we need to perform an autopsy.
 The lead singer of the rock band Nirvana Kurt Cobain has died of a gunshot wound in Seattle.
 Narrator The world was stunned when Kurt Cobain the 27year old musician and selfstyled prince of grunge was found dead.
 Kurt Cobain was a genius he was the powerful voice of a generation.
 He was the true artist even in his pain he was genuine.
 Narrator But with success came pressures that Kurt found hard to handle.
 He worked so hard to become the millionaire rockstar and then once he did he didnt like it very much.
 Narrator And on April 8th 1994 when Kurt Cobain was found dead at his Seattle mansion it appeared to be a clearcut case of suicide.
 Kurt was the poster boy for suicide.
 I said hes going to kill himself.
 Narrator But despite leaving a suicide note many people refused to believe that Kurt Cobain had taken his own life.
 I knew from the beginning that Kurt had been murdered.
 Kurt Cobains death certificate says that he died from a single shotgun wound to the head.
 But why would a man whos just achieved his lifelong goal of becoming a rockstar and starting a family kill himself?
 And could foul play have been involved?
 Narrator Dr.Michael Hunter is a worldrenowned forensic pathologist and the chief medical examiner in one of Americas biggest cities.
 Hes performed over 4000 autopsies to investigate and reveal the cause of death.
 Kurt Cobains investigative records show that he died from a shotgun wound to the head fired through the mouth.
 But why would a man who has struggled to make it a musician and whod just started a family kill himself?
 Im gonna use all the available evidence to investigate what happened to Kurt both mentally and physically and discover more about why he died.
 Narrator April 1st 1994 230pm.
 Four days before Kurt Cobains death.
 Kurt is at the Exodus Recovery Center in Marina Del Rey.
 Hes trying to kick the heroin addiction hes developed since becoming a rockstar.
 One of the people he smoked a cigarette with outside said that Kurt just seemed like a happygolucky guy he didnt seem like he had a problem in the world.
 He seemed very excited about life.
 Narrator Kurt had only recently become a millionaire after a lifetime of financial hardship and had just bought himself a mansion in an exclusive area of Seattle where he lived with his wife Courtney Love and his 19month old baby Frances Bean.
 In a recently discovered interview recorded a few months before his death Kurt claimed hed never been happier.
 Kurts Voice Ever since Ive been married and Ive had a child within the last year everything my whole mental state and my physical state has been its just almost improved 100.
 Ive never been more optimistic.
 But within five days of appearing optimistic about the future Kurt Cobain was dead.
 He was 27 and he joins a long list of stars who died at this age. Including Jim Morrison Jimi Hendrix and Amy Winehouse.
 Its an exclusive club and I want to find out what led Kurt to doing it.
 Narrator Kurt Donald Cobain was born on February 20th 1967 in Aberdeen a small industrial town located two hours south of Seattle.
 Aberdeen was a logging town where everybody was macho. Where you going tonight? Oh working late.
 He certainly wasnt the type who was gonna go out and cut down trees.
 Narrator Kurts dad was a mechanic and his mother was a waitress but his upbringing was far from easy.
 The whole Cobain family was dysfunctional.
 Im talking all of us.
 The dysfunctional part I think was that he was living with parents who were using more alcohol than normal.
 And its hard for you to be a happy little kid if youre growing up in a family thats fighting and dont really know how to raise children.
 Kurts Voice I was ashamed of my parents.
 I couldnt face some of my friends at school because I desperately wanted to have the classic typical family mother father I wanted that security.
 Narrator Kurts parents separated when he was nine.
 He found solace in music which he showed promise at from an early age.
 He was a child prodigy who possessed this rare unique artistic talent.
 Music saved Kurt I think it was the only way he knew to express his feelings.
 And I really do think it was therapeutic for him.
 Narrator Kurt started by playing the drums before moving on to guitar.
 But it wasnt until he was 18 that he met Krist Novoselic and formed the band Nirvana.
 It was Kurts approach that would be at the forefront of a new style of music.
 How he was able to take punk music old rock and roll minimalist melodic music stick it all in a soup and come out with what he came out with I think that was pretty revolutionary.
 Narrator This fusion of rock and punk became known as grunge.
 It is epitomized in their iconic track Smells Like Teen Spirit.
 Music With the lights out its less dangerous Music Music Here we are now entertain us Music Music I feel stupid and contagious Music Music Here we are now entertain us Music Music A mulatto Music Nirvanas album Nevermind released in 1991 went to the top of the charts around the world and established Kurt Cobain as the biggest rockstar of his generation.
 In February 1992 Kurt married the former stripper and lead singer of the band Hole Courtney Love.
 As soon as she married him I listened to a lot of his poetry and a lot of his music and I thought well this guys pretty profound.
 I think he was popular because he was wounded he looked like a person who was down on his luck and rebellious.
 Yeah so I think the kids could really relate to that.
 He spoke to this lost generation and became the voice of the generation.
 This is a photograph of Nirvana taken six months prior to Kurt Cobains death and Im surprised at how small Kurt is.
 Bass guitarist Krist Novoselic is incredibly tall at six foot six inches.
 And drummer David Grohl is six feet tall.
 According to his records Kurt was five nine but looked considerably smaller.
 This could be due to a disorder that he was suffering from called scoliosis and in this recently discovered interview Kurt sheds new light on what he thought caused this condition.
 Kurts Voice I had scoliosis when I was in junior high and Ive been playing guitar ever since and the weight of the guitar has made my back grow in this curvature so when I stand you know everythings sideways.
 Dr.Hunter Scoliosis or curvature of the spine occurs in about 3 of people and most commonly arises in the teenage years.
 The curve is usually either Sshaped with two bends or Cshaped with one.
 His music felt like he was always in pain that he was angstridden and thats a typical reflection of the scoliosis that he battled with.
 Its a common misconception that scoliosis causes pain but that is not always the case and the cause is oftentimes unknown.
 This is an xray of Kurt Cobains spine and it shows that he has Cshaped scoliosis.
 This wouldnt be caused by the weight of his guitar but it could be exacerbated by it.
 As there is no mention of any pain or psychological distress associated with this condition I dont believe that this is responsible for his death.
 However Kurt did suffer from another longstanding medical condition that had a huge impact on him.
 So I want to investigate whether it led him to take his own life.
 I remember putting on a brave face to hide my symptoms of depression.
 I was on an antidepressant but I still had depression symptoms.
 It was tough getting through the day hiding how I really felt.
 Something had to change.
 So I talked to my doctor for real no more saying Oh Im fine.
 This time I spoke up about living behind the mask and he told me about Rexulti.
 He said that Rexulti when added to an antidepressant has been proven to help reduce symptoms of depression without giving up the progress I may have made on my antidepressant.
 Narrator Rexulti is not for everyone. Call your doctor about unusual changes in behavior worsening depression or thoughts of suicide. Antidepressants can increase these in those 24 and younger. Elderly dementia patients taking Rexulti have an increased risk of death or stroke.