 This week on Americas birthday known as Independence Day or simply July 4th Donald Trump threw himself a party.
 Ever since he saw that the French president has a parade its called Bastille Day and the dictator of North Korea has a parade its called Authoritarianism and that they get to have tanks and people marching in front of them and saluting them and all that stuff hes wanted to have one too.
 He tried to coopt other holidays to get his parade like Veterans Day or Memorial Day but the adults in the military kept pushing him back.
 Well no more.
 Donald Trump finally got his special Donald Trump parade. Rolling tanks down the streets of your capital flying Air Force planes over his head while he gave an odd speech about the airports the Continental Congress took control of during the Revolutionary War.
 In June of 1775 the Continental Congress created a unified army out of the revolutionary forces encamped around Boston and New York and named after the great George Washington CommanderinChief.
 The Continental Army suffered a bitter winter at Valley Forge found glory across the waters of the Delaware and seized victory from Cornwallis of Yorktown.
 Our army manned the airports it rend the ramparts it took over the airports it did everything it had to do and it fought McHenry under the rockets red glare it had nothing but victory. Okay!
 Im sure that you know this already because you paid attention in school but just so that its said the Continental Army was not named after George Washington.
 There was no air travel during the Revolutionary War.
 Airplanes werent even invented until 1903. And the Battle at Fort McHenry happened during The War of 1812! Details!
 In the end for millions of your tax dollars this what you well actually what Donald Trump got.
 On this day 243 years ago our founding fathers pledged their lives their fortunes and their sacred honor to declare Independence and defend our Godgiven rights.
 Throwing not an American president but what looks like an authoritarian leader. Festooned by his military and making a show of force to well its not really clear who. Because Donald Trump actually really likes dictators.
 Joining me now is Maria Teresa Kumar president and CEO of Voto Latino.
 Jelani Cobb professor at Columbia Journalism School Craig Unger Vanity Fair contributor and author of House of Trump House of Putin and Representative Ted Lieu Democrat from California and a member of the Foreign Affairs and Judiciary committees.
 I wanna go to you first Congressman. What did you make of it? Watching an American president do this thing that Tom Nichols whos an expert on the history of the Soviet Union and of that region described as looking like an old Soviet kind of parade.
 Thank you Joy for your question.
 Let me just first say that natural disasters like earthquakes can strike at any time and I urge everyone to be prepared with supplies and a safety plan.
 Now to answer your question one of the big problems with Trumps July 4th event is that it was a campaign event paid for by the American taxpayer.
 Not only did he divert millions of dollars to this event he also had the Republican National Committee give out passes VIP passes to major donors.
 That was outrageous.
 That was really a violation of our ethics and he made a mockery of our Independence Day.
 And thank you for mentioning whats going on in your state.
 We just saw two natural disasters in the state of California. So this is a time when the federal government actually has priorities that are important that we should be spending money on. Things like making sure that states are ready for natural disasters like you just saw in your state.
 So when you see the President of the United States diverting money so that he can have planes fly over him rather than spending the money on important things like that or maybe uncaging children which hes also doing in the state of California and Arizona and other places. As a member of Congress is there something that you guys plan to do about that?
 Because this does seem like a tremendous waste of money.
 Members of Congress cant even use official resources to participate in a parade.
 In this case Trump diverted 2.5 million of National Park fees to pay for his party. And Ive asked the Federal Election Commission to look into this because how can you have all this taxpayer money do this event and then have the Republican National Committee be involved in such a major way handing out VIP passes to their major donors.
 Yeah and besides that I wanna go to you Craig Unger. Youve written a lot about Donald Trump his Mafia sort of relationships that hes had throughout his career particularly when it comes to Russia.
 This is what Michael McFaul who is the former US Ambassador to Russia tweeted after Donald Trumps weird parade.
 He said I knew this was coming. Tweet from Julia Davis News Russias state TV is obsessively bashing Trumps low energy weak parade with rusty tanks. The hosts LOL at Trumps claim about Revolutionary War airports and other historical flubs. Theres your city upon a hill. Theres your world leader and Martians have been defeated.
 The fact is that Donald Trump not only wasted Americas money to make himself a campaign commercial but he also has subjected the United States to mockery because real dictatorships know what a dictator parade is supposed to look like Craig.
 Right well at least sometimes they get their facts straight. Its interesting that if the Russian State TV is going after Trump that doesnt happen without Vladimir Putins sayso.
 Its also interesting that clip you showed the number of historical errors and it is just extraordinary and the White House has an office of speech writing with lots of researchers and interns and they factcheck things. And there are only three possibilities for that level of transcendental stupidity to take place.
 One is that that office is completely filled with people with room temperature IQ. The other is that all the procedures have fallen apart and they dont exist anymore. And the third possibility is it sprung from the brain of Donald Trump and that is deeply deeply disturbing.
 Theres a lot about it thats disturbing Jelani. I wanna go to you on this Im glad that youre here just to have an historical context to all of this. He seems to really admire Kim Jong Un.
 Donald Trump really admires dictatorships around the world.
 All of the media has been saying that this is supposed to be sort of his version of the Bastille Day ceremony.
 But I pointed out earlier this week on MSNBC the whole Bastille Day thing is about sending a message to dictators.
 Thats what the whole Bastille Day parade is about.
 This is clearly not that because Donald Trump likes dictators.
 Thats not what youre trying to send a message doing.
 So in your mind what is this what was the message of what you saw I dont know if you watched it but what was the message that you think came out of what Donald Trump did this week?
 Oh it was pure and grandiosity and selfinflation. And so one of the things I think thats significant here is that the United States at least in theory is supposed to operate on the doctrine that we are a nation of laws that no one is above the law and that the constitution is the fundamental authority.
 That is a different position fundamentally different position than a state in which the personality or the authoritarian leader is the head of all interests and ideas within the state. And so what Donald Trump did was essentially hijack this idea and turn it into something that was supposed to glorify himself.
 This kinda interesting paradox here which is that several years ago I did a Fulbright Fellowship and I spent an entire semester in Moscow teaching at Moscow State University and at the end of the semester there was the May 9th Celebration.
 Anybody who has been to Russia or knows about their history post World War II May 9th is a gigantic celebration that happens each year somewhere between the 4th of July and New Years and it is a recognition of the Soviet defeat of the Nazi threat an existential threat that confronted them during World War II.
 So its a huge and Im able to be there for the parade and theres just this kind of complete procession of military vehicles.
 There are missiles there are tanks there are armored vehicles there are Jeeps and it looks like an army amassing for an invasion.
 And so someone turns to me and says do you do the same thing in the United States on the 4th of July.
 I said no this would never happen in the United States because they in the United States believe we believe that there should be a really clear distinction between civilian authority and military might and that our authority is supposed to at least in theory stem from our laws and our moral beliefs.
 And what Donald Trump did was essentially invert that to create it as a kind of satirical almost emulation of something that he sees in Vladimir Putin. We should recognize this as the antidemocratic movement that it actually was.
 Yeah Maria Teresa theres an example.
 I mean Eugene Robinson made a similar point when he talked about the fact that Trump tried to make himself look big by doing this piece.
 A little bit of what Eugene what he wrote it was clear from the beginning that Independence Day meant nothing more to Trump than an opportunity to choreograph a made for television reelection event and give himself an obscenely expensive ego message.
 It invoked mockery.
 Theres a cartoon were gonna show here thats drawn on what airplanes would look like during the Revolutionary War.
 Its a picture of Ben Franklin attached to two kites there it is and this is by somebody I know. This is by the great Natalie Johnson who drew that.
 Heres the reality Donald Trump it seems wants to be seen as this big man. He wants to be seen as this grand leader of this great military but what he actually can accomplish through his own the quality of the staff that he has around him is he cant do that. He cant do what Jelani just talked about right?
 The reality was right even in the case of Russia which now is an adversary of the United States during World War II they were fighting the Nazis.
 So if theyre doing a big celebration and talking about defeating the Nazi Empire theyre sort of sending a message again to dictators.
 There are only two kinds of these parades. Theres that and theres the one like in North Korea.
 Trump is tying to do it because I think he thinks hes emulating it he doesnt even know how.
 Or really why!
 This is to Maria. We dont have to show that type of display of force because the world already knows it. And what I found so disappointing when it came to the July 4th is July 4th is to commemorate our roots as Americans.
 Were the largest military operators in the world.