 Position for them.
Okay Kimberly Dozier thank you for the expertise.
Appreciate it.
All right it is the top of the hour.
Good Monday morning everyone Im Poppy Harlow in New York.
Our anchor and national correspondent Erica Hill is here with me in New York.
audio dropping We have team coverage this morning.
CNN crime and justice reporter Shimon Prokupecz is live outside of the courthouse.
audio dropping In some of Julie Browns reporting we should point out the girls who the victims who she spoke with the alleged victims talking about how they didnt know it going to maybe go that way.
Or they maybe knew it wasnt right but they just again they were young.
And it also points out in the indictment that they believe prosecutors believe he did know their age and what was going on because some of these victims who are in here were asked specifically about their age and they said they didnt lie.
Lets talk about the powerful people in politics that were friends arewere friends of Jeffrey Epstein.
President Trump is quoted with glowing words about him back in 2002.
He is in fact we have that from 2002 he talked about him to New York Magazine saying that hes a fun guy.
Its even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do and many of them are on the younger side.
No doubt about it Jeffrey enjoys his social life.
Obviously thats seen in a far different light today.
But youre right there is a connection here.
You mentioned former president Clinton flying on his plane multiple times being on his private island.
President Trump reportedly at least once on his plane.
At one point Epstein was actually a member at MaraLago and had been to MaraLago but then was barred at one point after according to court records which Julie Brown also wrote about.
He was accused of sexually assaulting an underaged girl there.
I would be remiss not to bring up with you the current Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta who is very tied to this.
No they didnt so a couple of points there.
Number one youre right.
So Alexander Acosta at the time was the US Attorney for the Southern District.
He had to basically say okay with a team of attorneys.
At the time he said well you know they lack the evidence to prove audio dropping violated federal law.
Theres been a lot of push back on that since.
Well the DOJ is investigating how the case was handled.
We should also point out that in February a federal judge said this deal broke the law because to your point victims didnt know about it.
The terms of this deal which its been said multiple times are basically dictated by Epsteins attorneys powerful attorneys.
The deal was kept quiet kept apart from the victims until a judge had signed off for it.
You cant do that that broke the law.
Erica Hill thank you great reporting.
Obviously youll be on this all day because hes going to be in court later this morning.
Youre such a good voice for this because you have actually prosecuted sex trafficking cases before.
One thing that Shimon said outside the courthouse moments ago that struck me is that what may be different this time than the plea deal in 2008 if this goes to trial is that they have three cooperators.
How significant is that?
Well its important.
Frankly I think the case is gonna rise and fall for the Southern District of New York on the testimony of those cooperators.
These cases are very difficult to investigate theyre very difficult to prosecute.
Often minors who are abused have difficulty coming forward and testifying.
They have difficulty essentially going through and doing what they would need to do to be a witness in a case.
Really here the testimony of the cooperators has to be strong in order for the Southern District to make its case in court.
What I think this indictment tell us is the the Southern District believes that they have testimony that can back these charges up.
Not only for Alexander Acosta the current Labor Secretary who was a big part of this but the judge who signed off on it.
I have to say there are very significant questions about Mr. Acostas actions there.
Really there has to be something very significant behind the scenes that caused that series of events.
Theres clearly misconduct by not informing victims.
It appears at some point there was misrepresentations that were made to the court.
Very serious misconduct by Justice Department attorneys.
When I did investigate human trafficking cases and sexual abuse cases of minors those victims are counting on you as a prosecutor.
They are counting on you to prosecute and act fairly.
And it is interesting that the federal prosecutors working on this that are going to hold this press conference in a little under an hour are from the Southern District of New Yorks Public Corruption Unit.
What does that tell you?
It could be a coincidence it could be they just have time on their plates.
But it also could mean that there is some tie to this case either from the angle you just talked about or another theres an obstruction potential obstruction provision.
Perhaps there is a public official that could that is at least tangentially involved in this case and could become part of it later on.
Renata Mariotti thank you so much.
Also this morning as more images and reports come out of inhumane conditions at these migrant detention facilities along the southern border the president says he now wants the media to go inside and see for themselves.
With me now is our Kaitlan Collins she joins us from the White House and Natasha Chen in El Paso Texas.
good morning to you both.
Kaitlan the president says he wants this but there is a big difference between saying that and then the facilities actually letting in journalists with cameras unannounced.
Yeah and so far theyve been pretty hesitant even not wanting lawmakers to bring their phones into those facilities.
So whether or not that invitation is actually going to go forward is still an open question.
But so far the president and his aides have been downplaying the reports about these conditions at the border.
Heres what the president said when he was on his way back to the White House yesterday.
Im gonna start showing some of these detention centers to the press.
Were gonna have of the press go in and see it because theyre crowded and were the ones who were complaining about theyre crowded.
So the president there going after not only some of those Democratic lawmakers who have been reporting what they saw when theyve toured these facilities.
But Poppy we should note its not just any one singular report detailing these conditions that they say are widespread at these facilities.
Conditions like overcrowding some standingroomonly areas.
People going without hot meals.
And a highly detailed and very specific report in The New York Times that came out yesterday and that people should read if they havent seen it yet.
And Natasha youre there and you spoke to a Texas State Rep who says Border Patrol agents have been trying for some time to bring light to the conditions in Clint.
Well thats right Poppy.
We were talking to Representative Mary E. Gonzales she represents the Clint area where that facility is.
She says that local leaders like herself in the community did not even know that children unaccompanied children were being processed through that facility until news reports came out in the last month or so about the conditions inside.
She said some of these Border Patrol agents who live in this community who have known her for a long time they have been telling her about how demoralizing and depressing it is to work right now in those conditions because of what they are seeing day to day with the migrants.
Theyve also told her about how hundreds of children at one point were being processed through that facility in a space thats really not designed for that many kids.
Heres what she had to say about her conversations with these agents.
A lot of the people I talked to who worked there were saying we have been telling higherups theres a problem.
And basically those pleas have been ignored.
A lot of the people who I talked to have been in the Border Patrol for decades 23 years 24 years this is something very new to them.
