 The verdict just in. What the jury has just decided.
 The decorated Navy SEAL accused of murdering a wounded prisoner in Iraq.
 The stunning moment when another SEAL team member took responsibility for the killing.
 Also breaking the explosion rocking an American neighborhood.
 The blast destroying a home firefighters frantically digging through rubble looking for possible victims.
 The man calling 911 saying hes trapped under the debris.
 The nail biter World Cup victory Team USA beating England their star player on the sidelines hurt.
 So will she be there for the finals?
 A scathing new government report about life inside those migrant detention centers.
 Men kept for a week in standing room only cells.
 One manager calling the scene a ticking time bomb.
 What Homeland Security is now saying. Narrator This is ABC World News Tonight with David Muir.
 Growing backlash over President Trumps 4th of July plans tanks and fighter jets headed to the National Mall. Good evening and its great to have you with us on this busy Tuesday night.
 The president accused of turning the holiday into a political rally.
 The mystery over the sudden death of Angels pitcher Tyler Skaggs found dead in his hotel room in the prime of his career. Im Cecilia Vega in for David and we begin with that bombshell verdict in the war crimes trial of a former Navy SEAL.
 What authorities and the team revealed today.
 And the shark scare off the coast a mother and her children in the water with no idea whats lurking just a few feet away.
 A military jury finding Special Operations Chief Edward Gallagher not guilty of murdering a captured ISIS fighter.
 Gallagher was convicted of a single crime taking a photo with the body of a dead captive.
 Gallagher was deployed to Iraq in 2017 when the incident took place his own platoon turning him in.
 But then that stunning turn during the trial.
 A prosecution witness testifying that he not Gallagher actually killed the captive.
 ABCs Clayton Sandell starts us off.
 Clayton Edward Gallaghers attorneys celebrating tonight on the steps of the courthouse after a military jury found the decorated Navy SEAL not guilty of premeditated murder.
 Huge victory huge weight off the Gallaghers.
 Huge victory for justice.
 Clayton The 19 year combat veteran was accused of war crimes during a 2017 tour in Iraq including murdering this teenage ISIS prisoner seen wounded in this Iraqi TV video.
 Fellow SEAL Corey Scott granted immunity testified that he saw Gallagher a medic stab that teen in the neck. To our other top story tonight that massive explosion rocking an entire neighborhood in North Carolina. A hole where a home used to be. First responders combing through the rubble one man trapped underneath using his cell phone to call for help.
 But in a shocking twist Scott testified that he not Gallagher killed the teen by plugging his airway to prevent him from being tortured by Iraqi forces saying I knew he was going to die anyway. This stunning image from above. He was rescued along with at least two other people but the urgent search for other victims goes on. Heres ABCs Steve Osunsami. Witness It is just jaw dropping to see this scene.
 Gallaghers defense team argued during the two week trial that the case was built on false accusations from disgruntled sailors.
 This is not a murder this is a mutiny.
 This is a group of young disgruntled sailors that didnt like being told that they were cowards.
 And so they decided to conspire to take down the chief.
 And Clayton Sandell joins us now live. Clayton Sandell leading us off this evening thank you.
 Clayton we know that Edward Gallagher was convicted of that one charge posing for a picture with the captives dead body.
 So could he still face prison time?
 Thats right Cecilia.
 Prosecutors showed those pictures during the trial. First Responder The house exploded and is now on fire also reporting insulation in the trees. Unknown if anyones inside. Steve From the sky you could see the desperate search for survivors.
 Defense attorneys argue that the sentence for that crime would be less than the time hes already served. So they believe Gallagher will be going home tonight.
 Cecilia?
 Steve Families across this neighborhood in an expensive suburb of Charlotte say it felt like an earthquake. Firefighters trying to saw through large piles of wood. This is whats left of this large home in Valentine. For reasons that arent clear at this hour it exploded. This is difficult weather for the firefighters to work in with temperatures in the 90s pushing 100 degrees more than 80 firefighters were called into help. Cecilia? And from France tonight that nail biter victory for team USA. The women celebrating a close game against England in the World Cup semifinal. They now head to the finals. Sports Announcer That was it US wins. Adrienne Tonight victory team USA now charging straight for that World Cup final after a two to one win over England. Tens of thousands of Americans cheering in the stands here in Lyon. The epic matchup getting off to a stunning start with star Megan Rapinoe on the sidelines no warmup with the team. Sports Announcer Grand setting it in there hey there goal! Adrienne At home fans glued to their screens from Brooklyn to Chicago to Los Angeles. Sports Announcer mumbles goal! Adrienne True American grit captured in this moment. USA goalkeeper Alyssa Naeher diving to block this penalty kick. To see them win and go to the World Cup finals whoo I am so energized. It was quite a game and Adrienne Bankert was right there for it all she joins us from outside the stadium there in Lyon now.
 Witness A natural gas sort of issue or if its something else but it is still burning. Steve A man who was inside the home was buried under all of this. They were on the phone talking to alarm at the time and did provide their location which assisted greatly in locating and removing the patient. Authorities continue to search for at least one other possible victim tonight. It sparks worry about a possible injury. At game time Christen Press takes her place not missing a beat. Sports Announcer Right side cross. Done go!
 First Responder We do have contact with one trapped on the phone right now. The blast also tore into this home next door. Two neighbors were treated by medics at the scene. But todays win happened without their star player so will she be there for the clincher? ABCs Adrienne Bankert is outside the stadium. Adrienne Even a goal from England powerhouse Ellen White couldnt stop USA momentum for long. Sports Announcer Me drives it from white goal! England have tied it. Adrienne Then there was Alex Morgan with this move on her 30th birthday. Adrienne And just when England thought it tied the game this call from the ref offsite no goal. Sports Announcer Calling the shot safe by a minute.
 Were trying to find the location of where theyre at in the rubble. Here hes being airlifted to the hospital.
 He had a phone nearby was able to call 911 and lead firefighters directly to him.
 Urgent search there okay Steve thank you.