 Narrator Right now at 11 tracking the storm.
 From the FOX 5 Weather App to Facebook.
 We are tracking another system.
 Narrator Were taking you step by step through this winter storm approaching in just hours.
 Our team coverage continues with preparations for the storm.
 Why some road crews are actually encouraged by Sues forecast.
 Narrator Plus a bathroom debate and a fight for student rights goes viral.
 How Virginia ended up back in the national spotlight.
 Your news starts now.
 Were gonna begin tonight with a winter weather watch for much of the DC region.
 Snow sleet and freezing rain are all on the menu and this winter mix could be nasty especially during the morning commute.
 Its prompted just about every school district here to cancel class tomorrow along with the federal government.
 All of those closures are listed of course at the bottom of your screen.
 For now though lets get right to Sue Palka for a breakdown of when the first flakes will start falling. Sue?
 Hi there Sarah. I think its gonna be anytime between about four and six in the morning here around the Beltway and yeah its morning snow and a messy icy mix tomorrow afternoon.
 Unfortunately this does not stay all snow which would be the better scenario.
 Its easier to get rid of.
 Ice causes so many problems.
 But it does look like we are going to see that changeover. As we start with snow that we now see showing up especially south of Interstate 64 that will continue to spread from southwest to northeast over our area and by the time you wake up tomorrow morning by sunrise I think you will see snow outside.
 This is all starting to push up.
 Now we do not expect much accumulation for southern Virginia.
 Theyll start with a little bit. It will quickly changeover down there. Out here the changeovers a little later.
 But quite a sprawling system all the way up to the plains across St.Louis to Cincinnati and now here into the midAtlantic and we will be dealing with it for many hours tomorrow.
 We did have to take our snow totals down a little bit today based on the model output and the faster changeover to sleet and freezing rain.
 Were still gonna go with the three to five inches.
 It could be closer to the three inches though with snow because the changeover now appears as though itll be sometime in the late morning.
 We could get a rate of snow one inch per hour for a few hours in the morning and thats where youll get your pile up but unfortunately for all of our area this may end especially in the northern and western suburbs. So we wrap it up with a quick look at your planner.
 Everybody west of 95 has to watch for the potential for significant icing as the temperature begins to the temperature a lot begins to rise and changes that snow over to that combination of sleet and freezing rain.
 Could a quarter inch of ice be possible in some of these areas? We think that is.
 And that may occur early in the afternoon and continue until about the time of the evening rush hour.
 8 am 30 degrees its snowing.
 By the noon hour were at 32. Were mixing across much of the area. Maybe northern Maryland not quite yet or western Maryland.
 By four oclock it should be raining here at DC but possibly still freezing rain in our far Northern and Western suburbs.
 Much more to come including our hour by hour feature cast just ahead. Sarah.
 Sarah Well crews have already hit the roads laying sand salt and brine.
 Now they are literally standing by waiting for the wallop so they can get to work on thousands of miles of roadway.
 Our team coverage of this approaching winter storm continues.
 FOX 5s Lauren DeMarco joins us from Fairfax now with the very latest out there.
 Lauren.
 Sarah its incredible to watch these guys do their work filling up truck after truck with salt and sand.
 They are heading out to the interstates from this saltdom in Fairfax and they are asking for help from the public tomorrow when all of this wet stuff starts coming down.
 If everybody stays home hang out watch the Channel Five it would be great for us.
 Stay home stay home stay home.
 As its gonna be pretty nasty throughout the day tomorrow and into tomorrow nights rush so were really asking the folks to stay off the roads if at all possible.
 Sarah A unified message from transportation and highway officials in Virginia Maryland and the district.
 For folks who do venture out I dont know why they would do that we want them to obviously fall behind our snow plows.
 Sarah Thousands of plows and salt trucks are being deployed across the region loading up and getting in place over night.
 Preparations actually began over the last few days with crews pretreating highways local roads and known trouble spots with liquid brine and officials are encouraged by the forecast.
 Its gonna be coming in as snow from what were hearing which is beautiful in terms of interacting with the brine and were gonna have 3000 trucks out starting overnight to be able to push the snow out of the way as you see theyre starting to roll through here.
 Sarah Anyone who has to be out is urged to prepare with an emergency supply kit charged cell phone and full tank of gas.
 Plenty of people heading that advice at Costcos popular gas station on Westox Road in Fairfax.
 Its crazy its always busy here but todays extremely busy.
 People think that the sky is gonna fall.
 I think people dont wanna get stuck.
 Sarah Over at Home Depot people stocking up on ice melt shovels and other usual necessities.
 What Im concerned about is how much snow were gonna get.
 I have three boys so theyre gonna be working.
 So between snow freezing rain or at least freezing precipitation and then possibly some ice this is expected to impact the next three rush hours.
 Vedot told me tonight that because this is starting with snow and its expecting to accumulate they will be in the subdivisions as well and they and all of the area officials are asking that in your neighborhood try to park in a driveway or all on one side of the road that way the plows have an easier time getting by.
 Back to you in the studio.
 Several area schools are already out of snow days in fact tomorrows storm will send more schools over their days budgeted for weather cancellations.
 Montgomery Country used its two make up days already.
 Howard County used its four make up days if they have to miss any more the school district will have to appeal to the State Board of Education and ask for forgiveness or make adjustments to the school calendar.
 Fairfax Prince William Loudoun and Anne Arundel County Schools all have days to spare.
 Sarah The storm is forcing Metro to adjust bus and rail service.
 Trains will run every 12 minutes in the morning to allow workers to deice the tracks.
 The schedule could change as the weather unfolds during the day.
 Metro Bus will operate under severe snow service plans.
 So that means buses will provide limited service on major roadways only and Metro access will only provide return trips home for customers between four a.m.and seven p.m.All other trips will be canceled.
 And remember you can track the weather 247 on the FOX 5 Weather app.
 You can also get the latest on FOX 5 Morning beginning at 4 a.m.Another life lost on what is being called the highway of death.
 Juan Castillo was killed last night on Indian Head Highway route 210 in Acookeek Maryland.
 Now the circumstances around the crash that killed Kim are similar to a crash that killed three children on that same road back in December.
 FOX 5s Lindsay Watts spoke with Castillos heartbroken family. Lindsay.
 Shunning that crash last night and the one in December drivers were stopped at a red light here on Indian Head Highway when another vehicle came barreling up from behind and crashed into their car.
 We have told you about all of the efforts to make Indian Head Highway safer but police say it also falls on drivers to pay attention when theyre behind the wheel.
 I feel hes my daddy.
 I love him so much and Im gonna miss him.
 Lindsay One minute as Castillo was a father and grandfather.
 He was driving with a family member Monday night about six miles from his home in Waldorph.
 My brotherinlaw is driving the car.
 Sarah This is what happened to that vehicle a Ford Escape.
 According to police it was stopped at a red light on Indian Head Highway on Barry Road in Accokeek.
 Investigators say a female driver didnt stop plowing in to the Escape.
 Menedez Castillo died at the hospital.
 Although his family had only recently moved here from Virginia they were all well aware of 210s notoriety.
 Menedez Castillo saw news coverage of the horrifying crash that claimed the life of three children.
 When I saw that accident pass on December he say oh my God everybody has to be careful that street is danger.