And bourbon is good.
You really taste the bourbonSo its got bits of steakIts dominant.
Char seasoning in there so if you like meat and if you like ice creamThey have a little bacon on top as well.
Were gonna have a lot of fun.
Woman Get under the table get under the table!
Its happened again California bracing with a second earthquake striking foundations and roads cracking fires erupting and now the fear another one could be coming as California Governor Gavin Newsome declares a state of emergency in San Bernardino County.
In fact we caught up with one sheriffs deputy who told us while they were out patrolling going streetbystreet to make sure people were okay and accounted for he saw a lot of people either sleeping outside or coming here to city hall where there is a shelter set up.
And that uneasiness is leading towards many people just not wanting to sleep inside their house last night.
It is followed by several aftershocks within just the last few minutes or so while we were waiting to speak with you we felt several of them out here at city hall.
Two days two big massive earthquakes right here near this town in California and this latest one a magnitude 7.1.
We started to feel the rumbling the violent shaking and this is what happened right after that take a listen.
Now I want to go to a moment here maybe we can pull up the actual sound on this this was the moment we were at a restaurant.
This again was a restaurant right here in Ridgecrest and there was a slight aftershock before this and everyone sort of theyd been through a few of em in the last day.
Yeah you could really hear the panic on peoples voices.
Incredibly were only hearing of some minor injuries due to broken glass or things falling on people no reports of any deaths but the governor here has declared a state of emergency and has requested a presidential declaration for some help out here from the Federal Government.
So far the President hasnt Tweeted about whats happened here lately in California.
A lot of these fires start because of ruptured gas lines.
All right Jeff thank you very very much and as Jeff pointed out the California Governor Gavin Newsome has already declared a state of emergency in at least San Bernardino County as officials assess the damage brace for more.
On the phone with us is Public Information Officer from California Governors Office of Emergency Services Bryan May.
Unfortunately for us that second earthquake happened right before sunset darkness prevented us from being able to do a lot of assessment overnight.
And of course you heard of people who dont want to go inside their homes right now.
Bryan Yeah as of this morning and weve been having briefings all night weve had crews around the clock here in the emergency operations center just outside Sacramento we havent heard of any serious injuries.
Neil Now blessedly weve not heard any reports of significant injuries or worse is that still the case?
We need to get in and see what the needs are so that we can meet those needs.
We do know that there are some but not so much how serious the injuries are so thats again what weve gotta do this morning.
Neil You know these aftershocks are more significant than the main event by a factor of up to 10 times and Im wondering how unusual is that for Californians who are always braced for the possibility of this kind of stuff but not the follow up kind of stuff theyve been seeing?
Bryan Yeah and Im gonna defer to the geologist that weve been working with but in talking with them a lot over the last 48 hours its not that uncommon.
We can try and give an advance warning but in that case even seconds is a good warning.
Well the President by the way was briefed on all of this especially this morning with the updates on that 7.1 magnitude earthquake.
The Department of Labor says the U.S.economy added 224000 jobs in June that is up from 72000 in May.
The President has come under fire for his attacks on the Federal Reserve and the chairman Jerome Powell for the last year.
Meanwhile with a strong jobs report like that it is kinda tough to make the case that the economy is just tanking.
Music Tell me why Music I cant believe how easy it was to save hundreds of dollars on my car insurance with Geico.
Music Aint nothin but a heartache Music No.
That Carl brought his karaoke machine?
Music I want Music Announcer Believe it Geico could save you 15 or more on car insurance.
laughs Wow is that really me?
All it takes is 10 minutes to reduce the appearance.
