TV Announcer From Hollywood its Jimmy Kimmel Live!
audience applauding Regina King!
From The Punisher Jon Bernthal!
This week in Unnecessary Censorship and music from Juanes!
And now in all sincerity Jimmy Kimmel!
Im Jimmy Im the host of the show thank you very much!
Hi everybody howre you doing?
Welcome to Hollywood!
I appreciate that!
Hey I have a story so last night after the show I hosted a concert there was a big concert at the Forum.
It was a tribute to the late great Chris Cornell were you there is that why youre yelling okay!
Guillermo was like hey are you going to that its like yeah yeah come with me to the show and Cleto went and Dicky went Jeff our keyboard player went a few guys.
At one point in the night I think it was twothirds of the way through the show I was on stage and somebody yelled wheres Guillermo?
After Metallica he ditched us and got in an Uber and went home.
Thats right and you see how he spelled hes just as good at spelling country as he is in running it itsMost of Trumps hire is directed at Nancy Pelosi the Speaker of the House.
It was the presidential equivalent of you break up with me I break up with you!
And he sent the letter less an hour before she was supposed to leave.
And I bet he was so delighted with himself when he came up with this idea.
Lot of people would try to make sense out of this but the clearest voice Ive heard on the subject so far believe it or not came from Cardi B.
You know if the Democrats cant convince Trump to end this silly shutdown I think I know somebody who can.
Hey yall I just wanna remind ya because its been a little bit over three weeks okay?
Trump is now ordering as his summonse federal government workers to go back to work without getting paid.
Now I dont wanna hear ya bleep talkin about oh but Obama shut down the government for 17 days yeah bitch!
Cardi B is right!
Andrew come on in here!
Last night we brought in a NASA engineer who was out of work and now lets say hello to our new employee tonight please welcome Andrew Rigopoulos!
So I see this!
Yeah I stay home and watch a lot of NetflixYeah okay.
And right now theres nobody working at the park you work atNo we have a crew of rangers that actually watch it to make sure that our resources arent damaged while were thereYou are considered to be a nonessential government employee?
Well if people over visit em and damage em then we wont have them anymore.
We doThats a good sign yeah?
Since parks are important and natures importantYes?
Yeah I pitched it to my brother first and he saidWhatre you gonna do for us tonight?
Im gonna take care of our urban landscape and water your plants.
So Andrew oh Andrew!
Thank you very much thats Andrew Rigopoulos!
The president appears to be on a collision course with the law right now his alleged lawyer Rudy Giuliani was back on CNN last night and rudier than ever.
This one if we didnt have this on video it would almost be too much to believe.
He made a crazy appearance on Chris Cuomos show.
Mr.Mayor false reportingIts despicableIs saying that nobody in the campaign had any contacts with Russia.
Because now you have Paul Manafort giving poll dataI never saidThat winds up leading to this coincidenceWell you just misstated my position.
