 so they had to remove the bone like the skull.
Francesca?
Yes.
If I followed normal protocol on this you would end up with no car.
This is the courtroom of Judge Frank Caprio where people and cases are met with compassion.
Whos Mr. Holder?
And and are you here with him?
Uh yes Im his counselor at the Riverwood program.
Okay and whos gonna do the speaking?
Uh I am at Mr. Holders request.
All right what do you wanna tell me about this?
Uh basically he received the ticket on Sunday morning.
Im sorry?
Uh its not at all his first parking Saturday.
Its not at all his first ticket.
Hes had hes had 31 tickets.
At the same time its something that were working on engagingly with Mr. Holder.
Uh he happened to have been parked across from Burnside Park in front of the old Bank of America building.
Sometimes he goes there also to meet up with his daughter whos currently in a homeless situation.
Uh so we are hoping that uh Your Honor could find the reason hopefully to waive this and know that were working actively in terms of keeping this from happening.
Is he homeless now?
But uh actually we have an appointment next week with the Gateway group to hopefully line up housing affordable housing in North Providence.
I dont know what the program is about.
One in Providence one in Warren Rhode Island uh you know in the East Bay area.
Uh Mr. Holders been a longtime client of ours and whatnot.
Whats the name of the program?
Riverwood one word.
Are you familiar with that?
No but I am familiar with Horizon uh I have heard of that.
Its basically human services and social work primarily the role of the Providence program is to provide uh... affordable housing for lowincome individuals.
Based on your representation Im gonna dismiss it.
Thank you.
But I want Mr. Holder to know that... this doesnt give you a license in the future to say Its okay Ill bring my counselor down and I can get out and get way with it okay?
Do you understand that?
You explain it to him when he gets out cause hes homeless okay?
Its our intention to avoid it if at all possible.
Okay.
Im just trying to see if he gives me attitude.
Despite what you may be thinking I believe this motorist actually made two wise choices in court today.
Can you imagine what wouldve happened if he had opened his mouth?
I think hed still be enjoying the hospitality of one of our local correctional institutions.
The second is that he waited until he passed Inspector Carignan before he disrespected the Judge.
Trust me that may have been the wisest move of his life.
Anthony Michael Giacobbi.
Good morning sir.
What do your friends call you?
I cant say what they call me.
I expected that kind of an answer.
Youre from uh... Where are you from Nevada?
Yes sir.
Yeah?
What are you doing in Rhode Island?
What am I doing?
I moved back here stupidly.
Are you calling me stupid?
I was thinking about it but I...
Mr. Giacobbi uh... Youre charged with going through red light on Allens Avenue and Terminal Street.
We should watch it.
The first having his social worker speak for him.
They call you Tony?
Oh.
Hes never told me what your friends call you.
What do they call you?
His middle name.
Thank you sir.
The Judge did ask him three times what his friends called him.
Good morning Your Honor.
You had a parking ticket on Thayer Street sir.
Good morning Mr. Giacobbi.
If you are past the first stop line when the light turns red Ill dismiss it.
Yeah.
So thats why youre wearing a helmet?
So they had to remove the bone like the... the skull of my head... Yeah.
Im supposed to know that when the light clicks three times that its red.
It was r red for 16.2 seconds Judge.
