 with Kelly and Ryan.
 Today we catch up with Kate Hudson and Mr. Worldwide Pitbull.
 Plus straight from the big screen actor Winston Duke and a performance from Daughtry all next on Live.
 Dua Lipas Electricity plays And now here are Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest. Kelly Yep yep yep. Now Im ready.
 cheers and applause Ryan Hello!
 Ryan Good morning. cheers and applause Good morning.
 music continues cheers and applause I like that one.
 Electricity right?
 A little Dua Lipa there in the game.
 Kelly Hey it is Wednesday July 3 2019.
 It is my dads birthday today!
 cheers and applause Ryan Happy birthday Joe Ripa. Kelly Happy birthday Joe Ripa.
 Its a big one.
 Im not gonna blow up your age.
 Ryan Does he have a traditional celebration?
 Kelly Well you know every year he likes to say that they do fireworks and they have a big cookout but Im like Thats pretty much everybody.
 Ryan You know that was for me.
 That was for me that whole thing up in the sky.
 Well my greatest memory of your father is he and I laying on a chaise lounge in the Bahamas together with him giving me life advice and guidance and asking if I wanted representation by him to negotiate my next deal.
 laughter He was gonna be my union member.
 Kelly It was the sweet he was Gelman Joe was trying to unionize. Kelly It washe was to unionize us.
 He was telling us that we needed to unionize.
 And I said We are in a union Dad.
 Webelieve it or not we are in a union.
 Ryan I felt like he accepted me in that moment.
 Kelly He really did.
 The two of you were so Ryan Right?
 Kelly I have pictures of that and theyre some of my favorite memories because you two are so funny together the two of you.
 Because you take on my dads personality when you talk to my dad. Soyouyeah.
 Ryan I became I became stern.
 Kelly Yeah. Kelly Yeah. Kelly Yeah. Ryan Yeah.
 Ryan I became my voice got deeper.
 laughter Ryan I find when I talk to like athletes too I do the same thing.
 Kelly Right.
 Ryan Like I So how was the game?
 laughter And you always say to my dad Joe Ripa. Ryan Joe Ripa.
 Kelly Yeah its like you puff up and then youre like Joe You call him both names... Ryan Joe Ripa.
 Kelly Which most people do.
 Most people call me both names.
 Ryan Kelly Ripa.
 Yeah well its like one I mean come on.
 YouKelly Ripa.
 Theres Kelly Ripa. Theres Kelly Ripa.
 Kelly Ripa from the park.
 Kelly But I mean before this show Im going back to high school. Ryan Kirripa.
 Kelly I was both names. Ryan Kirripa.
 Kelly Well Ryan Kirripa. Kelly Well youre laughter Ryan Imlisten. If your Kelly Youre making me more of a sound than laughter Ryan Well happy Fourth of July Kirripa.
 Kelly Thank you.
 chirps Ryan I was reading this about you know thank you for tuning in the morning.
 I dont know what your morning routines are your morning habits are. But theres a whole article on surprising morning habits that can give you more anxiety.
 And just by reading it I got more anxiety.
 Kelly Right of course.
 Just you saying the word anxiety... Ryan Gives you Kelly Gave me anxiety.
 Ryan Cortisols releasing right now isnt it?
 Kelly Right now yeah. Kelly Yeah.
 Ryan Is cortisol releasing into your system?
 Ryan Let it out.
 Kelly Thats why I stopped wearing pants with a zipper.
 laughter Yeah cant do it.
 Ryan Thats the reason. Kelly Thats the reason.
 I cant do it.
 work in live TV and have a waistband.
 laughter No waist anymore.
 Im like Forget it.
 The cortisol spikes its not gonna affect me cause my dress is just gonna widen. Cause I know its coming and I cantyou know its like that anxiety.
 laughter Ryan Do you jumpthey say its bad for you to jump right out of bed.
 Like to get right out of bed is bad. Kelly But I like that.
 It causes a spike in all of that.
 Kelly Well... Ryan Do you jump right out or do you lay there for I lay there and moan for a minute.
 laughter Kelly I usually set Snooze.
 I do one snooze. But Ryan I find it to be painful.
 Kelly The snooze?
 Its like I hit Snooze but the whole time Im quasiawake knowing that Ryan Its coming.
 But see that gives me anxiety knowing its coming.
 Kelly I just burped and that gave me anxiety.
 Ryan By the way... laughter Can I say that garlic smells great.
 Kelly Oh no its not.
 Its not garlic.