Welcome to Daily Blast Live.
It is Tuesday May 7th we are live and were talking about what youre talking about right now.
Im here with Tory Jeff Al and I am Sam.
Well it is defined as the love of the unnatural of artifice and exaggeration basically everything that is fabulous ironic or extra.
The theme was camp notes of fashion and everyone was expected to pull out all the stops but hold up what is camp?
So lets get to the fashion and the title this year for the most lit definitely goes to Katy Perry whether ya hate it or ya like it she definitely is having people talking.
Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx made their public debut as a couple last night.
It appeared to be dripping wet thanks in part to the crystals and shimmery material.
Come on now.
Actress Janelle Monae embraced wearable art with this custom Christian Siriano look and the eye even winked as she walked down the pink carpet.
Sam Okay Lupita Nyongo embraced the rainbow with this Versace gown with pink star pattern and rainbow ruffles and check out the gold afro picks in her hair with raised fist logos yes.
She also wore a custom Peter Dundas emerald green crown because she is a queen and Zendaya had a fairy tale moment at the gala transforming into Cinderella in this Tommy Hilfiger ball gown with white poofy sleeves and a skirt that lit up yes yes yes.
The 10 foot long train nearly took over the pink carpet and Cierra might have won best hair of the night I think she won lets be honest with this very extra gorgeous afro.
Cardi B won the award for the biggest train with this red feathered Tom Brown gown.
Kacey Musgraves looked like a barbie doll in this hot pink Moschino leather dress pairing it with a blow dryer bag and cat eye shades.
Sam you drink some water well talk.
Are you I actually looked at Al or Al I looked at Jeff midway and your eyes were closed.
I was thinking about cheese and crackers and what Im gonna do tonight.
Im like this coffees bitter I should think about a different kind of coffee.
laughs I guess Im the only one I was kinda into it Sam.
It took all those people got together to entertain us I agree.
like thats all I mean its just like somebodys gotta shake it up a little bit we all cant wear khakis and polo shirts somebodys gotta shake it up and push the envelope a little bit thats what art does.
Im for universal uniforms everyday.
Like Star Trek?
