Announcer Now ABC7 News At Noon on your side.
And we are wishing you a happy 4th of July as we come on the air at noon.
Millions all across the nation are celebrating America.
So many events happening in our area theyre happening right now.
The National Independence Day Parade is just kicking off.
That happened just a short time ago and for now it looks like the weather is cooperating but we are bracing for some storms and our Steve Rudin hes got the timing and he is tracking all of this for us.
Steve happy 4th to you.
Same to you Lindsey and we are looking at the greatest threat for those stronger storms or heavier downpours later on this afternoon into the early evening hours.
Were gonna stop it for you at two oclock and look at how quickly this model has those storms popping up.
Could bring heavy rains to the District Arlington and Alexandria four pm and continue as we move into the all important six oclock seven oclock hour.
Coming up in a few minutes an updated look at our FutureCast plus were looking ahead to the rest of the long holiday weekend.
All right Steve and we do want to talk about that just the weather is holding up so far for that National Independence Day Parade and our Nathan Baca is there.
Just how crowded is it right now?
So Nathan happy 4th of July to you.
Hey hows it going happy 4th of July everyone.
That right there is the Parade and Im gonna show you some of the floats on down the way.
Well we just to give you some context again police are telling people to stay on back.
In fact this is what some people that were visiting not only from Alexandria for the first time but also from Georgia had to say.
You see one of those bands right there.
So again the situation here we do have a lot more Ill say a lot more political signs a lot more political hats and advertisements that typically you would see on a 4th of July parade but a lot of folks are here just coming in from all around the country hoping to just get a good party and a good old D.C parade.
That is what she was coming to hear and there are plenty more bands and plenty more floats coming on by.
