 Announcer Sales event! Plus get up to 125 of GDB with Easy Trade. Limited time savings are here during our Presidents Day sales event.
 Music Sheehy.com Music Snow ice and rain on the way! Delays throughout the day. News Anchor Good Morning Washington tomorrow! TV Announcer From Hollywood its Jimmy Kimmel Live! Tonight! From The Punisher Jon Bernthal!
 audience applauding Regina King!
 This week in Unnecessary Censorship and music from Juanes!
 And now in all sincerity Jimmy Kimmel!
 Hi everybody howre you doing?
 Im Jimmy Im the host of the show thank you very much!
 Thanks for coming! Thank you! Welcome!
 Welcome to Hollywood!
 I appreciate that!
 Hey I have a story so last night after the show I hosted a concert there was a big concert at the Forum.
 It was a tribute to the late great Chris Cornell were you there is that why youre yelling okay!
 The lineup was incredible it was Chris Stapleton Adam Levine Metallica Miley Cyrus Foo Fighters Audioslave Soundgarden amazing!
 And you had fun right Guillermo?
 A lot of fun! Guillermo had a lot of fun.
 Guillermo was like hey are you going to that its like yeah yeah come with me to the show and Cleto went and Dicky went Jeff our keyboard player went a few guys. At one point in the night I think it was twothirds of the way through the show I was on stage and somebody yelled wheres Guillermo?
 So I gave Guillermo a shoutout I said Guillermo is here and the whole Forum erupted in tears.
 It was crazy it was like it was about the same reaction they gave Brad Pitt and so then audience laughing I go backstage I text Guillermo cause I wanna kind of know what he thought and where were you when you got the text I sent you?
 I was at home!
 He was at home yeah.
 After Metallica he ditched us and got in an Uber and went home.
 laughs In fairness Guillermo has to go bed early because hes gotta be at work at 200 p.m.Today is day 27 of the government shutdown which is nuts.
 Remember when Trump said hed run the government like a business?
 Turns out the business was Radio Shack!
 Trump isDesperatelyTrying to pin blame for this shutdown on Democrats he lashed out this morning.
 He wrote The left has become totally unhinged.
 They no care what right for our country!
 Thats right and you see how he spelled hes just as good at spelling country as he is in running it itsMost of Trumps hire is directed at Nancy Pelosi the Speaker of the House.
 Yesterday Nancy Pelosi sent the president a letter suggesting he postpone his scheduled State of the Union Address until the shutdown is over.
 She will not permit him to give it from the House of Representatives.
 So today Trump retaliated with a letter of his own informing Nancy Pelosi that he was canceling her flight to Afghanistan.
 Shes going there on a military aircraft and he told her if she wants to go she can fly commercial! Into a war zone!
 And he sent the letter less an hour before she was supposed to leave.
 It was the presidential equivalent of you break up with me I break up with you!
 And I bet he was so delighted with himself when he came up with this idea.
 In fact an official from the White House said he spent the day watching coverage of it and was very pleased this afternoon.
 But he may the only one whos pleased because even some of his fellow Republicans said this was a petty thing to do and all the Democrats are mad.