This week on Americas birthday known as Independence Day or simply July 4th Donald Trump threw himself a party.
Ever since he saw that the French president has a parade its called Bastille Day and the dictator of North Korea has a parade its called Authoritarianism and that they get to have tanks and people marching in front of them and saluting them and all that stuff hes wanted to have one too.
He tried to coopt other holidays to get his parade like Veterans Day or Memorial Day but the adults in the military kept pushing him back.
Well no more.
Rolling tanks down the streets of your capital flying Air Force planes over his head while he gave an odd speech about the airports the Continental Congress took control of during the Revolutionary War.
In June of 1775 the Continental Congress created a unified army out of the revolutionary forces encamped around Boston and New York and named after the great George Washington CommanderinChief.
The Continental Army suffered a bitter winter at Valley Forge found glory across the waters of the Delaware and seized victory from Cornwallis of Yorktown.
Our army manned the airports it rend the ramparts it took over the airports it did everything it had to do and it fought McHenry under the rockets red glare it had nothing but victory.
Im sure that you know this already because you paid attention in school but just so that its said the Continental Army was not named after George Washington.
There was no air travel during the Revolutionary War.
Airplanes werent even invented until 1903.
In the end for millions of your tax dollars this what you well actually what Donald Trump got.
On this day 243 years ago our founding fathers pledged their lives their fortunes and their sacred honor to declare Independence and defend our Godgiven rights.
Festooned by his military and making a show of force to well its not really clear who.
Joining me now is Maria Teresa Kumar president and CEO of Voto Latino.
Jelani Cobb professor at Columbia Journalism School Craig Unger Vanity Fair contributor and author of House of Trump House of Putin and Representative Ted Lieu Democrat from California and a member of the Foreign Affairs and Judiciary committees.
Watching an American president do this thing that Tom Nichols whos an expert on the history of the Soviet Union and of that region described as looking like an old Soviet kind of parade.
Thank you Joy for your question.
Let me just first say that natural disasters like earthquakes can strike at any time and I urge everyone to be prepared with supplies and a safety plan.
Now to answer your question one of the big problems with Trumps July 4th event is that it was a campaign event paid for by the American taxpayer.
Not only did he divert millions of dollars to this event he also had the Republican National Committee give out passes VIP passes to major donors.
That was outrageous.
That was really a violation of our ethics and he made a mockery of our Independence Day.
And thank you for mentioning whats going on in your state.
So this is a time when the federal government actually has priorities that are important that we should be spending money on.
So when you see the President of the United States diverting money so that he can have planes fly over him rather than spending the money on important things like that or maybe uncaging children which hes also doing in the state of California and Arizona and other places.
Because this does seem like a tremendous waste of money.
Members of Congress cant even use official resources to participate in a parade.
And Ive asked the Federal Election Commission to look into this because how can you have all this taxpayer money do this event and then have the Republican National Committee be involved in such a major way handing out VIP passes to their major donors.
Youve written a lot about Donald Trump his Mafia sort of relationships that hes had throughout his career particularly when it comes to Russia.
This is what Michael McFaul who is the former US Ambassador to Russia tweeted after Donald Trumps weird parade.
Tweet from Julia Davis News Russias state TV is obsessively bashing Trumps low energy weak parade with rusty tanks.
The fact is that Donald Trump not only wasted Americas money to make himself a campaign commercial but he also has subjected the United States to mockery because real dictatorships know what a dictator parade is supposed to look like Craig.
Its interesting that if the Russian State TV is going after Trump that doesnt happen without Vladimir Putins sayso.
Its also interesting that clip you showed the number of historical errors and it is just extraordinary and the White House has an office of speech writing with lots of researchers and interns and they factcheck things.
The other is that all the procedures have fallen apart and they dont exist anymore.
Theres a lot about it thats disturbing Jelani.
Donald Trump really admires dictatorships around the world.
All of the media has been saying that this is supposed to be sort of his version of the Bastille Day ceremony.
But I pointed out earlier this week on MSNBC the whole Bastille Day thing is about sending a message to dictators.
Thats what the whole Bastille Day parade is about.
This is clearly not that because Donald Trump likes dictators.
So in your mind what is this what was the message of what you saw I dont know if you watched it but what was the message that you think came out of what Donald Trump did this week?
And so one of the things I think thats significant here is that the United States at least in theory is supposed to operate on the doctrine that we are a nation of laws that no one is above the law and that the constitution is the fundamental authority.
That is a different position fundamentally different position than a state in which the personality or the authoritarian leader is the head of all interests and ideas within the state.
