I think theyre going to continue to raise and beat in the restaurant sector per my Analyst Lin Collier at Luke Capital were going with it.
I think were going to get a lot of different reads about the staples and the discretionary side with unemployment at multidecade lows wages growing.
Good weekend good holiday as well.
Pinning and conferencing Zoom and Pinterest hitting the market to a lot of investor fanfare but could they suffer ultimately the same fate as Lyft shareholders?
Plus a fold fail a cannabis consolidation a recyclable shoe you heard that right and a new legal smoking age.
Its a big league show with lots to do but as we always do lets start with Your Money.
Almost 100 points and stable right now for the most part Sulli.
If you take a look at the markets overall nixed only because the NASDAQ is lagging off by about 110th of 1.
Still though the SP up by about three points and the DOW Industrials just about 100 points to the upside.
The iShares Dow Jones Transportation ETF which tracks the Dow Transports right now the highest levels that weve seen going all the way back to December third so Transports a big part of that story.
Union Pacific earnings better than expected thats driving the trade there and if youre looking for one of the stocks of the day thats not Zoom thats not Pinterest check out Blackstone.
A lot more investors could come in the mix and they raised a lot of money Brian for their funds last year back over to you.
All right so and the markets that Dom just walked you through have two new members to welcome into the fold today.
Just adding to the list of names including some very undertheradar ones.
Price talk was 15 to 17 they priced it at 19 but wait a minute it opened at 23.75 and take a look at it in intraday trading here on very heavy volume here theyre gonna trade the whole float today.
This is very rare to see something that essentially opens twice as high as anybody thought it would a week ago and you see a trading right here at 63 just off that number.
Its got 100 growth and those are the two magic words that weve got.
It is perhaps more heavily redacted than many had thought or hoped but at 400 or so pages long our team is still pouring through it.
Inside the document were finding some of the areas of concern for Robert Mueller particularly around the area of potential obstruction of justice and the Presidents public statements his tweets even about some of the people involved in this whole situation those were red flags from Robert Mueller in certain circumstances.
All right so when we get Eamon back up were gonna come back and talk more about that certainly here.
Lets talk more about what this all means for Washington the markets and policy going forward.
Lets bring in Libby Cantrell Head of Public Policy at PIMCO.
We need to investigate further.
Where do you see policy making infrastructure anything else going forward?
Yeah I mean I think this is hitting through a partisan lens.
I mean to your point Republicans are sort of claiming vindication here that there is no collusion and Democrats may walk through the door that the Mueller report opened in terms of investigating further whether there is actually obstruction of justice.
I think youll hear louder calls for even then maybe the beginnings of impeachment hearings for the President among the progressive left.
There was not much moving legislatively anyway but the big things that President Trump does want to move legislatively one is is the NAFTA replacement the USMCA NAFTA 2.0.
And that might be harder to move now with a more kind of fractured relationshipDo you believe that Ron to Libbys point that this report will in some ways infect what should be bipartisan or nonpartisan purely economic negotiations?
Yeah I dont think theres any escaping maybe the overhang that Libby alluded to which is that within the obstruction of justice component of this report Bob Mueller effectively punted to Congress and suggested in the absence of his being able to do anything under the Office of Legal Counsel which says you cannot indict a sitting President.
Well I think thats because Barrs letter was such a brief summary of this and the report today gives us a lot more detail as Eamon was saying before somebody pulled the plug that a lot of detail about the potential obstruction that the President had engaged in orders to Don McGahn then the White House Counsel to direct Rod Rosenstein to fire Robert Mueller.
I believe that the way the administration through Bill Barr in the initial release of the letter and then todays press conference in which he seemed to be spinning for the President trying to blunt the impact of the report I think thats going to make it more difficult for Speaker Pelosi to resist those in her caucus who insist on an impeachment proceeding to weigh this in a way that they think is searching and fair.
Somebody pulled the plug but not on him literally.
So EamonTheres no censorship here.
You know the Speakers chamber and talking about this with Sarah Sanders and and one wonders how much more of any dialogue that we have is simply going to be about the report from now on?
Youre gonna see the President leaving here shortly this afternoon a couple of hours and reporters will ask him questions.
I expect he will talk.
He has a lot he wants to say about this so I expect were gonna get lengthy comments from the President today.
Its possible that theyre just gonna let this sit and retreat to the headline conclusion of no collusion no obstruction and on some of the smaller things just let all those go.
Apparently in her interview with the special counsels team she admitted that you know that didnt have any basis in fact and it was either a slip of the tongue or she just kind of said it at the time and didnt really base it on any actual factual basis.
Theyre content with the win here and they feel like theyve had a big positive political day.
Yeah and Brian Im not sure how much of a win there is.
Not rising to the level of criminality which Robert Mueller suggested but from a market perspective this may as Amy just alluded in many ways turn neutral insofar as were seeing a resynchronization of lets say Chinese and American economic growth.
So if indeed todays retail sales number were any indication of where were going from here then the market may just return its attention to fundamentals and maybe ignore someRon dang you for bringing right back down the CNBC lane because that was perfect and I want to talk about that.
Its amazing the retail sales number better than expected.
Its amazing that this is getting all the headlines and if you just focused on this youd think this is the only thing happening but outside of this America rolls on and the economy rolls on and the President will have a strong economy most likely behind him in that reelection.
And the markets are not focused on this right now this is something were talking about with per clients and talking at PIMCO go about and thats because if Congress doesnt step it and keep spending levels at the rate that they are now come January 1st of 2020 we could see a half a percent headwind to economic growth because of this big drive down in spending now.
I think we all Washington folks are you know understand that Congress is expedient.
