Five of the top presidential candidates are sharing the same stage tonight for town halls with young adults.
But right now its time to welcome to this very stage Senator Kamala Harris of California.
And next hour were gonna hear from Mayor Pete Buttigieg.
Weve already heard from Senators Amy Klobuchar Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders.
Hey guys hi hi.
Good to see you.
Good to be have a seat.
Thank you.
Wow theyre happy to see you.
Hi good to see you guys.
Now lets get to it because we want you to get as much out the next hour both of you.
All of you as possible so lets start with whats dominating the news right now.
Kamala Yes.
We have a question from her name is Karla Alvarado shes right there to the right.
In light of Muellers report do you believe the Democrats in Congress should reconsider their position on impeachment?
But heres how I feel about it and thank you for the question Karla.
It is very clear that there is a lot of good evidence pointing to obstruction and obstruction of justice.
And I believe very strongly first of all let me just be very clear about the table set.
I believe that we need to get rid of this president thats why Im running for to become president of the United States.
So that is part of the premise obviously of my point.
But I think we have very good reason to believe that there is an investigation that has been conducted which has produced evidence that tells us that this president and his administration engaged in obstruction of justice.
I believe congress should take the steps towards impeachment.
But I wanna say this because it doesnt end there I also wanna say this.
I am also a realist and when I look at what has been happening over the two years and some months that Ive been in the United States Senate.
Who have been presented with many reasons to push back against this president and they have not.
There will be what happens in the House an investigation that takes place.
I think we can be pretty sure that it looks like that is very likely to happen.
Ive not seen any evidence to suggest that they will weigh on the facts instead of on partisan adherence to being protective of this president.
But that doesnt mean the process should not take hold.
All right thank you Senator.
A lot of the students here at the Harvard Institute of Politics.
Hes a student at the University of New Hampshire studying history he is from Massachusetts Ben.
As a future educator Im really bothered that public schools are being targets for mass shootings.
But still two decades later no major gun control legislation has been passed.
So my question is as president how will you go about keeping our schools safe and keeping guns out of the hands of those who should not have them?
Thank you Ben and Im sure that there are plenty of students here who while you were in high school even middle school that you had to participate in a drill right.
And in our America that should never have to happen.
Who have failed to have the courage to reject a false choice.
But we need reasonable gun safety laws in this country starting with universal background checks and a renewal of the assault weapon ban.
But they have failed to have the courage to act so Ben heres my response to you.
Upon being elected I will give the United States Congress 100 days to get their act together and have the courage to pass reasonable gun safety laws.
And if they fail to do it then I will take executive action and specifically what I will do is put in place a requirement that for anyone who sells more than five guns a year they are required to do background checks when they sell those guns.
I will require that for any gun dealer that breaks the law the ATF take their license.
And by the way ATF Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms.
