Narrator Right now at 11 tracking the storm.
We are tracking another system.
Narrator Were taking you step by step through this winter storm approaching in just hours.
Our team coverage continues with preparations for the storm.
Why some road crews are actually encouraged by Sues forecast.
Narrator Plus a bathroom debate and a fight for student rights goes viral.
How Virginia ended up back in the national spotlight.
Your news starts now.
Were gonna begin tonight with a winter weather watch for much of the DC region.
Snow sleet and freezing rain are all on the menu and this winter mix could be nasty especially during the morning commute.
Its prompted just about every school district here to cancel class tomorrow along with the federal government.
All of those closures are listed of course at the bottom of your screen.
For now though lets get right to Sue Palka for a breakdown of when the first flakes will start falling.
I think its gonna be anytime between about four and six in the morning here around the Beltway and yeah its morning snow and a messy icy mix tomorrow afternoon.
Unfortunately this does not stay all snow which would be the better scenario.
Its easier to get rid of.
Ice causes so many problems.
As we start with snow that we now see showing up especially south of Interstate 64 that will continue to spread from southwest to northeast over our area and by the time you wake up tomorrow morning by sunrise I think you will see snow outside.
This is all starting to push up.
Now we do not expect much accumulation for southern Virginia.
Theyll start with a little bit.
But quite a sprawling system all the way up to the plains across St.Louis to Cincinnati and now here into the midAtlantic and we will be dealing with it for many hours tomorrow.
We did have to take our snow totals down a little bit today based on the model output and the faster changeover to sleet and freezing rain.
Were still gonna go with the three to five inches.
It could be closer to the three inches though with snow because the changeover now appears as though itll be sometime in the late morning.
We could get a rate of snow one inch per hour for a few hours in the morning and thats where youll get your pile up but unfortunately for all of our area this may end especially in the northern and western suburbs.
Everybody west of 95 has to watch for the potential for significant icing as the temperature begins to the temperature a lot begins to rise and changes that snow over to that combination of sleet and freezing rain.
Could a quarter inch of ice be possible in some of these areas?
And that may occur early in the afternoon and continue until about the time of the evening rush hour.
8 am 30 degrees its snowing.
Maybe northern Maryland not quite yet or western Maryland.
By four oclock it should be raining here at DC but possibly still freezing rain in our far Northern and Western suburbs.
Much more to come including our hour by hour feature cast just ahead.
Sarah Well crews have already hit the roads laying sand salt and brine.
Now they are literally standing by waiting for the wallop so they can get to work on thousands of miles of roadway.
Our team coverage of this approaching winter storm continues.
FOX 5s Lauren DeMarco joins us from Fairfax now with the very latest out there.
Lauren.
Sarah its incredible to watch these guys do their work filling up truck after truck with salt and sand.
They are heading out to the interstates from this saltdom in Fairfax and they are asking for help from the public tomorrow when all of this wet stuff starts coming down.
If everybody stays home hang out watch the Channel Five it would be great for us.
Stay home stay home stay home.
