The verdict just in.
The decorated Navy SEAL accused of murdering a wounded prisoner in Iraq.
The stunning moment when another SEAL team member took responsibility for the killing.
The nail biter World Cup victory Team USA beating England their star player on the sidelines hurt.
The man calling 911 saying hes trapped under the debris.
The blast destroying a home firefighters frantically digging through rubble looking for possible victims.
So will she be there for the finals?
Men kept for a week in standing room only cells.
One manager calling the scene a ticking time bomb.
Growing backlash over President Trumps 4th of July plans tanks and fighter jets headed to the National Mall.
What authorities and the team revealed today.
The mystery over the sudden death of Angels pitcher Tyler Skaggs found dead in his hotel room in the prime of his career.
And the shark scare off the coast a mother and her children in the water with no idea whats lurking just a few feet away.
Good evening and its great to have you with us on this busy Tuesday night.
Huge victory huge weight off the Gallaghers.
Fellow SEAL Corey Scott granted immunity testified that he saw Gallagher a medic stab that teen in the neck.
Clayton The 19 year combat veteran was accused of war crimes during a 2017 tour in Iraq including murdering this teenage ISIS prisoner seen wounded in this Iraqi TV video.
Huge victory for justice.
Clayton we know that Edward Gallagher was convicted of that one charge posing for a picture with the captives dead body.
To our other top story tonight that massive explosion rocking an entire neighborhood in North Carolina.
Clayton Sandell leading us off this evening thank you.
Steve Families across this neighborhood in an expensive suburb of Charlotte say it felt like an earthquake.
First Responder The house exploded and is now on fire also reporting insulation in the trees.
Steve From the sky you could see the desperate search for survivors.
Were trying to find the location of where theyre at in the rubble.
First Responder We do have contact with one trapped on the phone right now.
For reasons that arent clear at this hour it exploded.
This is whats left of this large home in Valentine.
He had a phone nearby was able to call 911 and lead firefighters directly to him.
