Announcer This is BBC World News America.
Funding of this presentation is made possible by the Freeman Foundation and Kovler Foundation pursuing solutions for Americas neglected needs.
That is unbelievable.
Music Trying so hard not to let it show Music Im flying.
Music Im 10 feet tall Music Stay curious.
Announcer And now BBC World News.
This is BBC World News America.
Reporting from Washington Im Laura Trevelyan.
Count down to the State of the Union Address.
President Trump will call for unity in front of a deeply divided Congress.
Nick Mr.Neeson are you sorry for what you said?
Laura Actor Liam Neeson says hes no racist after his desire for revenge causes an uproar.
Photograph was the very first picture I ever took in war.
Plus Sir Don McCullins camera captured the human cost of battle.
Well hear how he turned his lens on the home front too.
Welcome to our viewers on public television here in the US and around the globe.
Washington is poised for tonights State of the Union Address by President Trump.
Aides say hell call for bipartisan cooperation and unity.
Mr.Trump will deliver his primetime address to a divided Congress one thats still smarting after a 35day partial government shutdown over the presidents call for a border wall with Mexico.
For more on what we can expect tonight the BBCs Katty Kay joined me earlier.
White House aides say that this address is going to be all about committee but given just how divided the two sides are can anything really be achieved do you think?
Look I think what the president wants to do tonight is to reach out to voters in the middle with some sense of unity and bipartisanship.
Well hear that tone.
Its being written into his speech at the moment and then also appeal to his base with a tougher line on immigration and that border wall.
President Trump knows that hes not going to get a television audience this big again until the 2020 reelection campaign is well under way so hes got that political timetable in mind.
Juggling those two things is going to be tricky in terms of tone and we all know Laura that what is said in a speech tonight on Capitol Hill can very quickly be overturned with just one Tweet tomorrow morning.
It can indeed.
Katty is this really laying out the battle lines for the 2020 election?
Yeah I think it is.
There are areas where the president and the Republicans and the Democrats do agree.
They could do a big deal on infrastructure and I suspect well hear the president reach out to Democrats on an issue like that.
The trouble is there is so little trust on the Democratic side of this president that are they willing to give him some kind of a deal that he can then take home and say you see look Ive managed to achieve something?
The 2020 reelection campaign in a sense is starting right now.
Weve already had those Democratic candidates who have launched their bids.
Theyre going to be sitting right in front of the president.
Tonight is his big audience also to talk about what hes achieved and what he can still achieve and of course the spectacle of all of this crowned by Nancy Pelosi Laura sitting right behind him the Democrat who has just given him a very tough time a tough run for his money over that government shutdown.
Youre right the 2020 reelection campaign is all over this State of the Union Address.
Katty what will you be watching for when you see Nancy Pelosi there the symbol of divided government watching over the president?
Yeah I mean its almost a kind of visual reminder in every shot because in these States of the Unions you have the president and then you have the two people Mike Pence and Nancy Pelosi sitting behind him and theyre in almost every shot.
Its almost a visual reminder for people of this new tougher political landscape that President Trump now faces.
Id be surprised if she gives him much more than a cursory round of applause at the beginning.
The rest of the time expect her to sit pretty stonefaced while Vice President Mike Pence sits there cheering.
Thats the kind of prospect that always comes up in States of the Unions.
Remember its not just Nancy Pelosi sitting behind him.
Its all those newlyelected members of the Democratic House of Representatives sitting in front of him.
