Well thanks so much to you for joining us today Im Jim Sciutto.
You can follow me on Twitter JimSciutto.
At This Hour With Kate Bolduan starts right now.
A government report not an advocacy group not Democratic members of Congress not attorneys representing migrants this is a 16 page report compiled by the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security.
Look at these images that were showing right here.
Mass overcrowding of children and adults some with no access to showers or clean clothes.
Some children with no access to warm meals for days.
Adults forced into standing room only conditions for a week the report says.
Officials describe the migrants even as banging on cell windows and holding up signs for help.
These are images drawn by children who recently were released from border facilities.
The drawings appear to show children you know exactly what your eyes tell you.
In cages in jail.
The American Academy of Pediatrics released these pictures saying that these facilities in their words are no place for children.
Its a painful reminder of what these children are going through and are going through right now.
Lets get straight over to CNNs Nick Valencia.
Hes at a border facility in El Paso Texas.
Well its a bit of breaking news this morning.
Were hearing from acting DHS secretary Kevin McAleenan about those social media posts.
Remember earlier this week Kate we reported ProPublica the investigative team first reported about this closed Facebook group that featured current and former they say Border Patrol agents making lewd comments derogatory comments racially inflammatory comments joking about dead migrants.
Well now Kevin McAleenan the acting DHS secretary tweeting this this morning.
I have directed an immediate investigation and as the U.S.Border Patrol Cheif has made clear any employee found to have compromised the publics trust in our law enforcement mission will be held accountable.
What is a little bit unclear to us at this moment is we were under the understanding that earlier this week an investigation had already been under way.
The posts were said to have been turned over to the Internal Affairs at CBP DHS.
Inspector General has also said to have gotten their hands on these social media posts.
A broader question though Kate were also wondering if hes calling for an investigation into these social media posts?
When will he call for an investigation into the conditions in these Border Patrol facilities?
And speaking on that it was yesterday that I spoke to a long time veteran El Paso Border Patrol agent who said that they are just tired of seeing the conditions that migrants are being held in and decided to speak out.
So long as we concealed their identity.
Youre taking a big risk by doing this.
Agent Yes but America needs to know.
They need to know the truth.
Nick A Border Patrol agent whos had enough.
In a CNN exclusive interview the veteran agent who agreed to go on camera only if their identity was concealed expressed disgust at a closed Facebook group reportedly comprised of thousands of current and former agents.
ProPublica the first to expose the group Im 1015 where members shared lewd and sexist content about Latina members of congress including Alexandria OcasioCortez.
The agent telling CNN being derogatory is part of the Border Patrol culture even hearing a supervisor joke about dead migrants.
Agent He was making fun of them.
Saying what?
Agent That what difference does it make its just another life.
He made a comment also regarding running over illegals and Im like you cannot run over people.
Nick In describing the conditions inside the El Paso detention facilities the agent compared them to a zoo.
Agent The holding facility the cells they are what I would say filthy.
We have a maintenance and cleaning crew that clean the general area like the hallways but I have never seen them cleaning pampers or cleaning toilets in the cells or cleaning sinks in the cell.
Sometimes you go in a cell and there is trash everywhere.
There are those in leadership in Customs and Border Protection Agent Yes.
Nick They say that migrants are getting basic human rights.
