Your news starts now.
Sarah We begin tonight with a live look at the National Mall.
Tomorrow people will fill the Mall to celebrate the 4th of July.
Shawn It is all clear tonight but we are watching for popup storms that could put a damper on your holiday plans tomorrow.
She is tracking when and where the showers and storms could hit.
Yeah we do this every year it feels like.
I mean whats a holiday without a weather challenge around here?
Were gonna do that tomorrow.
Probably several rounds of popup showers and storms.
Depending on where you are you might not see much.
In other spots might see a lot.
So were just gonna call it a stormy day tomorrow because the potential is there for lots of showers and thunderstorms to fire up.
Some of which may be severe some of which may bring some heavy rains.
So thats a lot to keep track of as youre trying to get from your pool parties to your barbecues to your firework festivities.
We got the day off that felt great.
Showers and thunderstorms last night were relentless.
So it was wonderful to not see much around the Metro.
Just a few clouds muggy and mild with that low of 76.
But as early as the lunch hour showers and thunderstorms are expected to fire up.
So you might wanna have a backup plan if youre gonna be outdoors you know run inside as skies start to darken.
But there could be some lingering rain.
All right now that you know the forecast lets get ya caught up on everything else you need to know about some of the big events in the District tomorrow.
Sarah and Shawn?
The big fireworks display expected to begin after nine p.m.Now in addition to the massive fireworks display and the concert new this year President Trumps Salute to America which include tanks a military flyover and a hefty price tag that some say is outrageous but others say is money well spent.
And the annual Capitol Fourth gets underway on the West Lawn of the U.S.Capitol at eight tomorrow night.
Thats at the Lincoln Memorial which starts at 630.
FOX 5s Josh Rosenthal is live near the Lincoln Memorial tonight with the latest.
Hey Shawn you know we are less than 24 hours away and as you can see this years 4th of Julys gonna be a little different than years past.
I think we spend a lot of money on a lot of things that we dont really know where its going so this is a great for in my mind a great use of funds.
If Congress doesnt get their act together anyway and wants to waste it on their own pet projects why not have something to celebrate us?
Josh But everyone isnt quite so pleased.
Heres the deal The Washington Post reported that the National Park Service is diverting about two and a half million bucks in park entrance fees to cover additional costs associated with the Presidents event.
That money could have been spent on improving parks across the country and even fixing potholes on certain roads like the G.W.
And remember theres about a 12 billion dollar backlog of maintenance needs that the Park Service is already struggling to handle.
And then they turn around and they used these very valuable dollars from park visitors to pay for this spectacle.
Now I did reach out to the National Park Service with a whole lot of questions about this but they didnt answer any of em.
We are doing so consistent with the Departments mission and historical practices.
I do wanna mention we still dont have a final total price tag for this event tomorrow however some of the stuff that youre gonna see for instance the extra fireworks have been donated.
And the Presidents Salute to America tomorrow is also expected to attract protestors.
Members of CODEPINK plan to demonstrate.
