 It got infected so they had to remove the bone like the skull.
 Francesca?
 Yes.
 If I follow normal protocol on this youll end up with no car.
 Announcer This is the courtroom of Judge Frank Caprio where people and cases are met with compassion a different kind of judge a courtroom like no other this is Caught in Providence.
 Whos Mr.Holder?
 This is Mr.Holder Your Honor.
 And are you here with him?
 Yes Im his counselor at the Riverwood program.
 Okay whos gonna do the speaking?
 I am at Mr.Holders request.
 Frank Alright what do you wanna tell me about this?
 Basically he received the ticket on Sunday morning it started all his first parkSaturday.
 Im sorry?
 Saturday.
 Saturday morning Im sorry its not at all his first ticket.
 Hes had 31 tickets.
 Obviously Im his counselor for significant reasons at the same time its something that were working on engagingly with Mr.Holder and truthfully speaking the tickets are becoming further and further apart.
 He happened to have been parked across from Parenside Park in front of the old Bank of America building on this particular morning he was attending a church service.
 Sometimes he goes there also to meet up with his daughter whos currently in a homeless situation.
 So we are hoping that Your Honor could find a reason hopefully to waive this and know that were working actively in terms of keeping this from happening.
 Is he homeless now?
 Currently speaking he lives with his father at an assisted living residence in East providence but actually we have an appointment next week with the Gateway group to hopefully line up housing affordable housing in North Providence.
 Tell me about the program I dont know what the program is about.
 Were a social services agency were under the Horizon Group we have two locations one in Providence one in Warren Rhode Island you know in the East Bay area.
 From there on out Mr.Holders been a longtime client of ours and Ive been working as his counselor throughout the last nine months.
 Whats the name of the program?
 Riverwood one word.
 Are you familiar with that?
 Ziggy No but I am familiar with Horizon I have heard of that.
 Its basically human services and social work primarily the role of the Providence program is to provide affordable housing for low income individuals.
 Based on your representations Im gonna dismiss it.
 Thank you.
 But I want Mr.Holder to know that this doesnt give you a license in the future to say its okay Ill bring my counselor down I can get away with it okay Im doing this based on his representation.
 Do you understand that?
 You explain it to him when he gets out cause hes homeless okay alright.
 Its our intention to avoid it if at all possible thank you Your Honor.
 Okay.
 Im just trying to see if he gives me attitude.
 Despite what you may be thinking I believe this motorist actually made two wise choices in court today the first having his social worker speak for him.
 Can you imagine what would have happened if he had opened his mouth?
 I think hed still be enjoying the hospitality of one of our local correctional institutions.
 The second is that he waited until he passed Inspector Kerrigan before he disrespected the judge.
 Trust me that may have been the wisest move of his life.
 Frank Anthony Michael Giacobi good morning Mr.Giacobi.
 Morning sir.
 What do your friends call you they call you Tony they call you AM what do they call you?
 I cant say what they call me.
 I expected that kind of an answer.