
 Taste like? Is it good? I meanDoes it taste like meat? You know whatTastes like bourbon! You really taste the bourbonSo its got bits of steakIts dominant. Bits of steak.
 Its actually really good! laughs Not really more bourbon. And bourbon is good.
 Swirled bourbon caramelMe likey!
 Char seasoning in there so if you like meat and if you like ice creamThey have a little bacon on top as well. Its a stupid thing man! Such a great gift. World war win repeat America. America. Come on join us tomorrowHappy weekend! Were gonna have a lot of fun.
 And Ed thank you for his marvelous tshirtI love it! See you tomorrow!
 See ya tomorrow! Woman Get under the table get under the table! Oh bleep! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Woman Oh my God!
 Its happened again California bracing with a second earthquake striking foundations and roads cracking fires erupting and now the fear another one could be coming as California Governor Gavin Newsome declares a state of emergency in San Bernardino County.
 Welcome everybody happy weekend Im Neil Cavuto and youre looking live at Los Angeles International Airport where all is calm right now after a second quake in as many days strikes north of the major city near Ridgecrest California where the first one epicentered.
 Thats where youll find our Jeff Paul in the middle of it all. Jeff how are things there now? Two days two big massive earthquakes right here near this town in California and this latest one a magnitude 7.1. It is followed by several aftershocks within just the last few minutes or so while we were waiting to speak with you we felt several of them out here at city hall. And that uneasiness is leading towards many people just not wanting to sleep inside their house last night.
 Yeah Neil I would say theres a general feeling of uneasiness.
 In fact we caught up with one sheriffs deputy who told us while they were out patrolling going streetbystreet to make sure people were okay and accounted for he saw a lot of people either sleeping outside or coming here to city hall where there is a shelter set up.
 Now I want to go to a moment here maybe we can pull up the actual sound on this this was the moment we were at a restaurant.
 We started to feel the rumbling the violent shaking and this is what happened right after that take a listen. Man Go go! Get out! Keep walkin keep walkin! Everybody out. Go go! Go go! Keep walkin! Man Come one come on go! Yeah you could really hear the panic on peoples voices. But then this next one the 7.1 the whole building was shaking dishes were crashing on the ground and you could see some of the people out there just walking out in disbelief some people hitting the ground coming to tears.
 This again was a restaurant right here in Ridgecrest and there was a slight aftershock before this and everyone sort of theyd been through a few of em in the last day.
 And shortly after walking out of this restaurant and collecting ourselves we look off into the distance and we see a huge plume of smoke.