 Position for them.
Okay Kimberly Dozier thank you for the expertise.
Appreciate it.
All right it is the top of the hour.
Good Monday morning everyone Im Poppy Harlow in New York.
Our anchor and national correspondent Erica Hill is here with me in New York.
audio dropping We have team coverage this morning.
CNN crime and justice reporter Shimon Prokupecz is live outside of the courthouse.
audio dropping In some of Julie Browns reporting we should point out the girls who the victims who she spoke with the alleged victims talking about how they didnt know it going to maybe go that way.
Or they maybe knew it wasnt right but they just again they were young.
And it also points out in the indictment that they believe prosecutors believe he did know their age and what was going on because some of these victims who are in here were asked specifically about their age and they said they didnt lie.
Lets talk about the powerful people in politics that were friends arewere friends of Jeffrey Epstein.
President Trump is quoted with glowing words about him back in 2002.
He is in fact we have that from 2002 he talked about him to New York Magazine saying that hes a fun guy.
Its even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do and many of them are on the younger side.
No doubt about it Jeffrey enjoys his social life.
Obviously thats seen in a far different light today.
But youre right there is a connection here.
You mentioned former president Clinton flying on his plane multiple times being on his private island.
President Trump reportedly at least once on his plane.
At one point Epstein was actually a member at MaraLago and had been to MaraLago but then was barred at one point after according to court records which Julie Brown also wrote about.
He was accused of sexually assaulting an underaged girl there.
I would be remiss not to bring up with you the current Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta who is very tied to this.
No they didnt so a couple of points there.
Number one youre right.
So Alexander Acosta at the time was the US Attorney for the Southern District.
He had to basically say okay with a team of attorneys.
At the time he said well you know they lack the evidence to prove audio dropping violated federal law.
Theres been a lot of push back on that since.
Well the DOJ is investigating how the case was handled.
We should also point out that in February a federal judge said this deal broke the law because to your point victims didnt know about it.
The terms of this deal which its been said multiple times are basically dictated by Epsteins attorneys powerful attorneys.
The deal was kept quiet kept apart from the victims until a judge had signed off for it.
You cant do that that broke the law.
Erica Hill thank you great reporting.
Obviously youll be on this all day because hes going to be in court later this morning.
Youre such a good voice for this because you have actually prosecuted sex trafficking cases before.
One thing that Shimon said outside the courthouse moments ago that struck me is that what may be different this time than the plea deal in 2008 if this goes to trial is that they have three cooperators.
