Narrator And did they have an impact on peoples lives?
One of the most important bands to ever walk the Earth.
Their influence will never ever go away.
They had the perfect combination with a classic lineup.
They had the personalities that could create friction but created great music.
And they dont come along very often.
It was just a giant firework display that was just the best youve ever seen.
But it wasnt built to last.
It exploded into the sky and we all went Aah! and it was gone fabulous.
We have a death.
We need to confirm identification and then we need to perform an autopsy.
The lead singer of the rock band Nirvana Kurt Cobain has died of a gunshot wound in Seattle.
Narrator The world was stunned when Kurt Cobain the 27year old musician and selfstyled prince of grunge was found dead.
Kurt Cobain was a genius he was the powerful voice of a generation.
He was the true artist even in his pain he was genuine.
He worked so hard to become the millionaire rockstar and then once he did he didnt like it very much.
Narrator And on April 8th 1994 when Kurt Cobain was found dead at his Seattle mansion it appeared to be a clearcut case of suicide.

I knew from the beginning that Kurt had been murdered.

Narrator But despite leaving a suicide note many people refused to believe that Kurt Cobain had taken his own life.
And could foul play have been involved?
Kurt Cobains investigative records show that he died from a shotgun wound to the head fired through the mouth.
But why would a man who has struggled to make it a musician and whod just started a family kill himself?
In a recently discovered interview recorded a few months before his death Kurt claimed hed never been happier.
Narrator Kurt had only recently become a millionaire after a lifetime of financial hardship and had just bought himself a mansion in an exclusive area of Seattle where he lived with his wife Courtney Love and his 19month old baby Frances Bean.
He seemed very excited about life.
One of the people he smoked a cigarette with outside said that Kurt just seemed like a happygolucky guy he didnt seem like he had a problem in the world.
Hes trying to kick the heroin addiction hes developed since becoming a rockstar.
But within five days of appearing optimistic about the future Kurt Cobain was dead.
Its an exclusive club and I want to find out what led Kurt to doing it.
Including Jim Morrison Jimi Hendrix and Amy Winehouse.
Narrator Kurt Donald Cobain was born on February 20th 1967 in Aberdeen a small industrial town located two hours south of Seattle.
The dysfunctional part I think was that he was living with parents who were using more alcohol than normal.
And its hard for you to be a happy little kid if youre growing up in a family thats fighting and dont really know how to raise children.
And I really do think it was therapeutic for him.
Music saved Kurt I think it was the only way he knew to express his feelings.
He was a child prodigy who possessed this rare unique artistic talent.
