Have you been told you cant get high speed internet where you live?
Well you can with Hughes Net Gen5.
Experience the power of next generation satellite internet wherever you live.
Hughes Net Gen5 is fast youll get 25 Mbps plus builtin wifi and theres no hard data limits.
So wherever you live now you can do more of everything you love online.
Connect on social media.
No wonder Hughes Net is Americas number one choice for satellite internet.
Announcer Act now to save big with our limited time offer.
Get free standard installation by calling right now.
So what are you waiting for?
Announcer To order call 18007485218.
Be sure to ask about our home phone service too.
And welcome back to this very special night at St.Anselm College in Manchester New Hampshire.
Im Anderson Cooper.
We are just getting started with our CNN Democratic presidential town hall event.
In the last hour you heard from Senator Amy Klobuchar.
And later tonight youll see town halls with Senators Bernie Sanders and Kamala Harris and Mayor Pete Buttigieg.
Now to pull this event off tonight CNN has partnered with Harvard Universitys Institute of Politics which has just released its youth poll examining the political opinions of young Americans.
And also with the New Hampshire Institute of Politics right here at Saint Anselm College.
Throughout the night the candidates will take questions from these young college students and young adults who are in the auditorium who say they plan to vote in their states Democratic primaries and caucuses.
So please welcome to the stage Senator Elizabeth Warren.
Hi.
Hi its good to see you.
You want to have a seat?
Are we going to do students?
Lets go right to it.
In that case I want closer.
Have to keep an eye on the ones in the back oaky.
I want to start with your big announcement today about college affordability.
Obviously it could impact a lot of students here.
For that I want to bring in Dena Miller from Massachusetts.
Shes a junior at St.Anselm College studying history Dena.
Hi Senator.
I like so many other students had to take out loans to pay for my education that I will be paying off for years.
What is your plan to deal with student debt and the rising cost of education?
Okay thanks for the question Dena.
You know this is the America we live in now.
Basically to get a shot at a middle class life youve got to have some post high school technical training twoyear college fouryear college maybe graduate school depending on who you are and what youre ending up doing.
The position of the federal government has been good luck to you youre on your own.
The one thing theyve done is theyve lent tens of thousands hundreds of thousands millions billions of dollars to our students.
And it is now crushing them.
So my proposal is to say this isnt right.
What we have to do as a country is roll back that debt.
And so I have two parts to the proposal.
Part one is that we say that were going to roll back student loan debt for about 95 of students who have debt.
