The verdict just in.
The decorated Navy SEAL accused of murdering a wounded prisoner in Iraq.
The stunning moment when another SEAL team member took responsibility for the killing.
What the jury has just decided.
Also breaking, the explosion rocking an American neighborhood.
The blast destroying a home, firefighters frantically digging through rubble looking for possible victims.
The man calling 911 saying he's trapped under the debris.
The nail biter World Cup victory, Team USA beating England, their star player on the sidelines hurt.
So will she be there for the finals?
A scathing new government report about life inside those migrant detention centers.
Men kept for a week in standing room only cells.
One manager calling the scene a ticking time bomb.
What Homeland Security is now saying.
Growing backlash over President Trump's 4th of July plans, tanks and fighter jets headed to the National Mall.
The president accused of turning the holiday into a political rally.
The mystery over the sudden death of Angels' pitcher Tyler Skaggs, found dead in his hotel room in the prime of his career.
What authorities and the team revealed today.
And the shark scare off the coast, a mother and her children in the water with no idea what's lurking just a few feet away.
[Narrator] This is ABC World News Tonight with David Muir.
Good evening, and it's great to have you with us on this busy Tuesday night.
I'm Cecilia Vega in for David and we begin with that bombshell verdict in the war crimes trial of a former Navy SEAL.
A military jury finding Special Operations Chief Edward Gallagher not guilty of murdering a captured ISIS fighter.
Gallagher was convicted of a single crime, taking a photo with the body of a dead captive.
Gallagher was deployed to Iraq in 2017 when the incident took place, his own platoon turning him in.
But then that stunning turn during the trial.
A prosecution witness testifying that he, not Gallagher, actually killed the captive.
ABC's Clayton Sandell starts us off.
[Clayton] Edward Gallagher's attorneys celebrating tonight on the steps of the courthouse after a military jury found the decorated Navy SEAL not guilty of premeditated murder.
Huge victory, huge weight off the Gallaghers.
Huge victory for justice.
[Clayton] The 19 year combat veteran was accused of war crimes during a 2017 tour in Iraq including murdering this teenage ISIS prisoner seen wounded in this Iraqi TV video.
Fellow SEAL Corey Scott, granted immunity, testified that he saw Gallagher, a medic, stab that teen in the neck.
But in a shocking twist, Scott testified that he, not Gallagher, killed the teen by plugging his airway to prevent him from being tortured by Iraqi forces, saying I knew he was going to die anyway.
Gallagher's defense team argued during the two week trial that the case was built on false accusations from disgruntled sailors.
This is not a murder, this is a mutiny.
This is a group of young, disgruntled sailors that didn't like being told that they were cowards.
And so they decided to conspire to take down the chief.
And Clayton Sandell joins us now live.
Clayton, we know that Edward Gallagher was convicted of that one charge, posing for a picture with the captive's dead body.
So, could he still face prison time?
That's right, Cecilia.
Prosecutors showed those pictures during the trial.
Defense attorneys argue that the sentence for that crime would be less than the time he's already served.
So they believe Gallagher will be going home tonight.
Cecilia?
Clayton Sandell leading us off this evening, thank you.
To our other top story tonight, that massive explosion rocking an entire neighborhood in North Carolina.
This stunning image from above.
A hole where a home used to be.
First responders combing through the rubble, one man trapped underneath using his cell phone to call for help.