
Announcer Now ABC7 News At Noon on your side.
And we are wishing you a happy 4th of July as we come on the air at noon.
Millions all across the nation are celebrating America.
So many events happening in our area theyre happening right now.
The National Independence Day Parade is just kicking off.
That happened just a short time ago and for now it looks like the weather is cooperating but we are bracing for some storms and our Steve Rudin hes got the timing and he is tracking all of this for us.
Steve happy 4th to you.
Same to you Lindsey and we are looking at the greatest threat for those stronger storms or heavier downpours later on this afternoon into the early evening hours.
Looking downstream on the Potomac from our camera atop The Watergate Hotel we are dry right now but that is going to change over the next several hours.
Do have a Flash Flood Watch for the D.C Metro including Montgomery County Fairfax Arlington Alexandria the District and Prince Georges and also parts of Loudoun County until eight oclock tonight.
Heres StormWatch7s Satellite and Radar.
A few showers beginning to bubble up just across North East D.C over toward Brookland moving off toward the North and East.
Nothing heavy right now but as mentioned that will change as we head through the next several hours.
Heres our FutureCast.
This is the high resolution model.
Were gonna stop it for you at two oclock and look at how quickly this model has those storms popping up.
They dont move very fast.
Could bring heavy rains to the District Arlington and Alexandria four pm and continue as we move into the all important six oclock seven oclock hour.
If theres any good news here by eight oclock tonight showers become more limited and then the fireworks display is set to begin at 2107 should go on at least according to this model here although the cloud deck may be a little bit on the low side.
Worth watching and were going to keep you updated.
Look at these temperatures.
88 degrees already at Reagan National Airport.
That is just part of the story with feels like temperatures now in the middle 90s.
We have a heat emergency posted for the District that is done by the District government.
Cooling centers are open for those who need them.
Coming up in a few minutes an updated look at our FutureCast plus were looking ahead to the rest of the long holiday weekend.
Lindsey?
All right Steve and we do want to talk about that just the weather is holding up so far for that National Independence Day Parade and our Nathan Baca is there.
So Nathan happy 4th of July to you.
Just how crowded is it right now?
Well its getting more crowded.
Im gonna show you the situation right here.
Im gonna do some crowd surfing over here.
So right now Im on seventh approaching Constitution Avenue.
They are telling everybody to move back from the street.
People wanna crowd onto the street.
In fact Im happening to kind of move around some folks.
Hey hows it going happy 4th of July everyone.
So this is whats going on right now.
Just to give you context heres the National Archives over here and you see some people here celebrating 4th of July.
Where you guys visiting from?
Anybody?
Atlanta.
Washington D.C.Oh good you guys are local excellent.
Well we just to give you some context again police are telling people to stay on back.
That right there is the Parade and Im gonna show you some of the floats on down the way.
Weve been noticing some bands.
People have been coming here to hear those bands.
In fact this is what some people that were visiting not only from Alexandria for the first time but also from Georgia had to say.
The reason why were out here is to celebrate the independence from Great Britain.
Also our nation over the last 243 years really and then to be amongst patriots.
I dont see any controversy.
Like I see everybody really coming together and Im just like it makes me happy cause were not seeing anything so vulgar anything ugly it just makes me happy that everybodys here together to celebrate such a great day.
All right now I talked about one of those bands.
You see one of those bands right there.
That is what she was coming to hear and there are plenty more bands and plenty more floats coming on by.
So again the situation here we do have a lot more Ill say a lot more political signs a lot more political hats and advertisements that typically you would see on a 4th of July parade but a lot of folks are here just coming in from all around the country hoping to just get a good party and a good old D.C parade.
Reporting live from Constitution and Seventh Nathan Baca ABC7 News.
All right Nathan enjoy it down there and that is just one of many parades going on in our area.
The streets of Arlington it was packed there for the annual Barcroft Parade.
and this evening President Trump he is going to do his Salute to America with an independence extravaganza featuring tanks military flyovers and a speech at The Lincoln Memorial but some say the President is politicizing a national holiday.
Mona Kosar Abdi has the very latest.
Mona It will be the show of a lifetime President Trump has promised on Twitter ahead of his extravagant 4th of July celebration.
A costly production Trump has also promised will be worth the expense.
An array of military hardware on display at The Lincoln Memorial including tanks that have already been ushered in.
The Salute to America spectacle will also include multiple military flyovers and an extended fireworks show topped off with a speech from the Commander and Chief himself.
Were gonna have planes going overhead.
The best fighter jets in the world and other planes too.
Mona But the event is setting off more than pyrotechnic devices.
Its also sparking backlash from critics who accused the President of staging a glorified campaign rally and turning the celebration into a partisan event.
The event is free but The White House has given VIP tickets to Republican National Committee and top donors.
Congressman and 2020 Democratic Presidential candidate Seth Moulton calling Trumps celebration quote Unamerican.
It reminds me of the Soviet Union.
Its unpatriotic because thats militarism is not what American patriotism is about.
As for the price tag neither the Administration nor the Pentagon has disclosed what the cost will be to taxpayers but ABC News has learned the National Park Service is reportedly diverting 2.5 million dollars from improvement projects.
President Trump adding overnight the fireworks have been donated and the cost will quote be very little compared to what it is worth and the 750000 worth of fireworks were donated by an Ohio company that lobbied the President last month to hold off on new tariffs on China.
The President announced he would do so the same day he announced the donation.
Mona Kosar Abdi ABC News Washington.
Security will be tight downtown today and tonight for Independence Day celebrations and for President Trumps Salute to America.
Each event has strict guidelines on what you can bring and what you cannot.
The priority is safety.
No weapons no alcohol not even drones or balloons are allowed and for the Salute to America no backpacks no large purses coolers or Tablets.
For a complete list you can head over to our website WJLA.com and you can find everything that you need to know for today all in one list whether youre heading to events wanting to avoid the city or watching fireworks in your neighborhood it is all on our free ABC7 News app.
we have a reminder this Independence Day that fireworks are not toys and they need to be used properly.
The Consumer Products Safety Commission they always do these demonstrations on the National Mall.
This is what they did last week.
They like to do these demonstrations to show just how quickly things can go wrong when fireworks are not handled properly.
New data reveals that emergency rooms across the US treated more than nine thousand fireworks related injuries last year.
More than half of those injuries involving young children were caused by Sparklers.
Happening right now the 103th Annual Nathans Hot Dog Eating Contest is going on in Coney Island New York and 11 time champ Joey Chestnut looks like he might make history again.
He set a world record last year he ate 74 hot dogs in 10 minutes.
We are monitoring that and of course we will have some video for you later.
Coming up next at noon its probably the largest display of stars and stripes that youll see this holiday.
Find out where this is plus celebrating America we have got a lot more on the events happening here and around the nation.
Narrator Why do you need the ABC7 News app?
To get instantly breaking news severe weather and traffic alerts.
Just download our app.
Go to settings.
Select push notifications.
Voila its that easy.
ABC7 News app get it now.
Narrator Hurry in now to Value City Furniture for the 4th of July sale and save 10 to 30 off store wide or enjoy 48 months special financing on 9.99 or more with payments starting as low as 21 a month.
Only at Value City Furniture.
Bud hello?
Hey whats all this?
Finally caught up and ready for the next season.
Contour find Prime Video.
Narrator Now get Prime Video and all your favorites on Contour TV.
From Cox.
How do I get you Bobs discount on such great quality furniture?
I build personal relationships with my suppliers.
Thanks for coming to my kids school play Bob.
Stop lying Pinocchio youre a bad boy.
Ive been thinking Ill give you that deal on extendable dining sets.
I just want to be a real boy.
Crowd Get Bobs discount.
Narrator Only at Bobs Discount Furniture.
Narrator How do you celebrate the 4th of July?
Show us with a picture.
Just upload your best shots using our ABC7 News app.
Narrator Now at Value City Furniture shop our dream mattress studio during the 4th of July sale and save 30 off this Dream Plus Queen Mattress Set just 489 or enjoy 48 months special financing.
Only at Value City Furniture.
Narrator ABC7s on your side this capital 4th with live coverage of the fireworks the President and the protests.
All day on ABC7 WJLA 247 News and wherever you go streaming on the ABC7 News app.
The Justice Department is hitting reverse on its course over the Census citizenship question.
President Trump tweeted that the Department of Commerce and DoJ are working hard on this holiday to keep that question.
As Trevor Ault reports our judges ordered the Administration to resolve the conflict by tomorrow.
Trevor A week removed from a Supreme Court decision blocking the Administration from adding a citizenship question to the 2020 Census President Trump still defiant tweeting that the Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice are working very hard on this even on the 4th of July.
That message contradicting the Justice Departments announcement that Census forms were being printed without the question Are you a US citizen?.
I think its very important to find out if somebodys a citizen as opposed to an illegal.
Trevor While the President is insistent the fight for the citizenship question is ongoing his comments have sparked confusion.
A Maryland Federal Judge convened a conference call Wednesday after she saw the Presidents tweet saying reports the question had been dropped were fake.
On the call Department of Justice lawyers couldnt explain the Presidents rederick.
One lawyer saying quote the tweet this morning was the first I had heard of the Presidents position on this issue.
I do not have a deeper understanding of what that means at this juncture other than what the President has tweeted.
The Justice Department did admit the President contradicted them but said they have now been instructed to explore whether theres a path forward consistent with the Supreme Court to allow the citizenship question.
The Trump administration had previously argued they needed the Census question to better enforce the Voting Rights Act but Chief Justice John Roberts shot down that line of thinking calling it contrived.
The Court ruled that the citizenship question was not about whatever cockamamie reason Donal Trump gave for it.
While the Department of Justice is following the Presidents instructions they are running low on time.
They only have until tomorrow to explain to the courts how they plan to comply with the Supreme Courts ruling.
Trevor Ault ABC News Washington.
We have an update following Mondays violent protests in Hong Kong.
Hundreds of protestors wreaked havoc inside the citys legislative building and four of them are now talking about why they did it.
They tell the associated press that the refusal of city leaders to listen to their demands drove them to desperation and they say that they concluded peaceful demonstrations were pointless after the failure of Hong Kongs prodemocracy umbrella movement in 2014.
Pretty sure a lot of you might have been freaking out a little bit after realizing your Instagram your Facebook WhatsApp accounts were not working the way there supposed to yesterday.
Well those issues have been resolved.
Users on the social media platforms say that they were having trouble uploading or sending images.
Theres no word yet on what may have caused that issue.
Team USA now knows who they will be facing in the World Cup final on Sunday.
It will be the Netherlands.
They were able to knock out Sweden with a goal in the 99th minute to punch their ticket to the final.
The good news for team USA cocaptain Megan Rapinoe says that she will be ready to go on Sunday after missing the semifinals against England.
Its the largest flying display of the stars and stripes in the nation.
The PNC American Flag balloon was inflated this morning in Ridgefield New Jersey all in celebration of Independence Day.
That hot air balloon is five stories tall.
A pilot from Pennsylvania created it after the attacks on 911.
The balloon is flown in the New York City area every year since then.
Thats ginormous.
Yeah really big.
Yeah All rightand you have to have perfect weather for that too.
For them yes.
Yeah.
For today not gonna want to fly a hot air balloon.
So a lot to talk about moving through the afternoon hours.
Crowds are beginning to build.
Heat emergency for the District so stay hydrated and the best news of all not everyone has AC so cooling centers are now open in the District.
So good news there.
Do want to show you this time lapse and this is our Skylapse7 for you showing Northwest D.C and you can see actually the clouds beginning to move on in.
These clouds will eventually produce some heavier amounts of rain as we move through the afternoon hours and thats why we have a Flash Flood Watch for parts of the area.
Live view right now there are the clouds.
We are going to keep clouds in place.
Tidal Basin looking quiet for right now but we know those crowds are definitely going to build and then our camera atop the Watergate looking good right now although it is on the hot and humid side.
88 degrees at Reagan National this hour.
88 in Leesberg.
85 degrees in Warrenton.
85 in Fredericksburg.
Do want to show you these feels like temperatures.
Well into the middle to upper 90s inside and around the Beltway.
Already feels like 104 degrees over Annapolis.
StormWatch7 Satellite and Radar does show a few showers developing North of Montgomery County with some heavier downpours inside the Capital Beltway.
Head off to the Cheltenham area over toward Laurel and Bowie thats where youre looking at a few showers right now but the showers and heavier downpours are going to become more prolific moving through the afternoon hours.
Heres the latest for you on the Flash Flood Watch for the District Arlington Alexandria also Fairfax and Prince William parts of Loudoun Montgomery and Prince Georges County.
As until eight oclock tonight the all important FutureCast this is our high resolution model look at the heavy rain forecast at two oclock this afternoon.
Montgomery County and at Prince Georges over toward Andrews and as we head through the three oclock hour once again the potential for torrential downpours at the District over toward North East and upper North West D.C and then well do it all over again for the five oclock and six oclock hour before things start to settle down just a little bit but some of these slow moving storms capable of producing upwards of two inches of rain over a relatively short period of time and by eleven oclock tonight a little bit of patchy fog but most of the storms are out of here.
Heres your 4th of July outlook as we move through this afternoon.
Stay weather alert temperatures will be in the lower 90s.
Feels like temperatures even hotter than that with feels like temperatures upper 90s to near 100 degrees.
Now waking up tomorrow morning its hot and its soupy once again.
Temperatures that will be in the 70s.
Highs tomorrow will eventually make it into the upper 80s to around 90 degrees.
Unsettled again tomorrow so grab the umbrella as you head outdoors.
Always download your StormWatch7 Weather app or at least have it ready to go.
Its gonna come in great use later on this afternoon especially if youre going to find that perfect place to watch the fireworks not only at the National Mall but throughout the area.
Heres your seven day outlook Lindsey and we have temperatures at or above 90 degrees tomorrow and Saturday and then a little bit of a cool down but to pinpoint exactly whos going to see the heaviest of the rain our models do a pretty good job in showing that over the District and Arlington and Alexandria moving through early to mid afternoon into the early evening hours fingers crossed 2107 tonight well get all this out of here but my other concern is a low cloud deck.
Okay.
Two years ago we had the fireworks.
Right.
Would of been beautiful but when they shot up they disappeared and all you saw were flashes.
So Right.
Could happen again this year.
All right so hopefully Im gonna be an optimist here Yes.
And say fingers crossed hopefully all will go according I hope so.
To our plan.
Well have a new update coming in.
All right sounds good Steve thank you.
Up next at noon seven is on your side with a health alert about sunscreen.
For all of you headed to the beach this 4th of July are your kids applying it properly?
Up next we are experimenting to see if its done the right way.
Narrator Theres a lot to smile about in every Volkswagen.
Right now you can lease a value packed 2019 Tiguan S for just 199 a month now with the people first warranty.
Narrator Its the final lap of Sheehy 8000.
Race in for special 4th of July savings now.
Get up to 125 of KBB value for your trade.
Plus were donating to the American Heart Association.
Music Its easy at Sheehy Music Music Sheehy.com Music Narrator Marlo Furnitures July 4th sale.
Time to declare your independence from boring furniture.
With 60 savings on every living room every dining room every bedroom 60 savings plus free delivery plus up to 60 months zero interest financing plus when you buy a mattress at Marlo well donate one to a homeless veteran shelter.
Marlo Furnitures July 4th sale.
Upgrade your home help a homeless veteran.
Now thats worth celebrating.
Narrator How do you celebrate the 4th of July?
Show us with a picture.
Just upload your best shots using our ABC7 News app.
Narrator When someones on your side you feel empowered.
Thats why seven on your side is here to help you fight back when youre taken advantage of and to give you information to make the right decisions for your family.
ABC7 News on your side.
Narrator Its Price Busters Furnitures huge 4th of July sale with Doorbusters recliners 168 chairs 49 bar and stools 78 mattresses start at 49 save now.
Get it now and pay later with no money down period plus free delivery.
Price Busters Furniture get there now.
Narrator Its the final lap of the Sheehy 8000.
Race in for special 4th of July savings now.
Get your best price fast and upfront with EasyPrice plus were donating to the American Heart Association.
Music Its easy at Sheehy Music Music Sheehy.com Music We are back now with a health alert.
As families head to the beach this Independence Day we have got another reminder of how important sunscreen is.
So parents if you dont remind your kids odds are they may not be putting it on at all and when they do are they applying enough?
Becky Worley has the eyeopening sunscreen experiment.
Becky You know how kids feel about sunscreen?
They hate it.
I dont want sunscreen on.
I dont need it.
I get annoyed.
Sunscreens icky.
Its quite annoying.
Becky But parents know its a must.
The American Academy of Dermatology says even one blistering childhood sunburn is a contributor to later life skin cancer.
So while the CDC says children of all skin tones should wear sunscreen regularly past research shows nearly four in 10 kids dont.
Why?
Well I submit this reenactment from my daughter.
Put on sunscreen Emmy.
No I dont wanna put on sunscreen.
Its a battle.
Thats what I get.
Mom stop.
But Holly Thaggard a former elementary school teacher and founder of her own sunscreen company Supergoop!
says there is an alternative.
If youre old enough to brush your teeth and wash your hands youre old enough to do your own sunscreen.
Really?
Okay lets try.
Were using a special camera fitted with a UV Sensor.
When sunscreen goes on it shows up as black and highlights any missed spots.
We start with seven to nine year olds to see if their application is thorough.
The kids put it on then we review what they missed.
As each of these children apply none of them hit the ears and the ears are actually very vulnerable to sun damage.
Becky Another frequent miss.
Holly Children forget to apply it right on into the hairline.
Becky And something all the younger kids struggled with not using enough sunscreen.
Aw oh.
When I come over here what do you see?
Uh I missed a lot of spots.
Becky Holly says the younger kids are afraid of getting sunscreen in their mouth or eyes.
Were missing a few critical spots right around the eye area which is often where sun damage is first detected from an aging and a skin cancer perspective.
Becky And a study showed kids using just one quarter of the amount of sunscreen needed to get the protection listed on the bottle.
Moving up to the older group the 11 to 12 year olds were much more consistent.
Devin used a lot of sunscreen and so did Gus also an 11 year old who seemed to get the why.
I feel like I try to avoid it but I shouldnt cause I know that having a grandpa who had skin cancer so I shouldnt get it try to prevent that.
Thats a lot isnt it?
Becky But Holly says hes doing it right.
Use enough to where youre applying it so that you can see it on your skin and then rub it in until you cant see it.
Becky All the kids said they learned a lot and the takeaway start them young but kids 10 and under need a lot of coaching to get adequate protection.
I always like the spray stuff.
Adults dont like it that much either.
All right now in our area our weather we are on alert here not rain just yet but we are expecting some showers at some point this afternoon.
Steves gonna be back timing it all for you after the break.
Well buy your house as is and handle all repairs.
Get to lifes next step with peace of mind and cash in your pocket.
Music Express Home Buyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music Hello Im Mike Lindell inventor of MyPillow.
Thanks to your support youve helped make MyPillow become one of the fastest growing companies in America.
Over the last 12 years youve helped MyPillow create thousands of jobs right here in the USA.
Every MyPillow is made with passion here in my home state of Minnesota to ensure you get the best sleep of your life.
One of the things that I really like about MyPillow is the support.
It gives my neck a little hug.
Ive never slept better in my life.
Whats better than a great nights sleep.
Sleep is one of the most important things to your health and MyPillow is one of the most important things to your sleep.
Call or go online now.
Take advantage of my two pack special.
Use the promo code and get two MyPillows for just 69.98.
Thats only 34.99 a pillow.
Call or go online now.
I tried every pillow from expensive down pillows that just went flat to fiber filled pillows that rebound every time you move your head.
I even tried those memory foam pillows and the curve did not match my neck and it probably wont match yours.
Thats why I invented MyPillow.
My patented fill adjust to your exact individual needs and helps keep your neck supported and aligned.
When I got myPillow Im asleep almost immediately.
I stay asleep at night and I wake up more well rested in the morning.
Narrator MyPillow lasts 10 years is machine washable and dryable and comes with a 60 day money back guarantee.
I personally guarantee MyPillow will be the most comfortable pillow youll ever own or your money back.
Call or go online now.
Take advantage of my two pack special.
Use the promo code and get two MyPillows for just 69.98.
Thats only 34.99 a pillow.
Call or go online now.
With our 60 day money back guarantee you have nothing to lose.
All Sleep well America.
Music For the best nights sleep in the whole wide world Music Music Visit mypillow.com Music The only thing that I would do differently the only thing I should of called Express Homebuyers sooner.
Music Express Homebuyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music All right welcome back.
Were talking about the weather and its the rain that were really keeping our eye on.
Yeah and slow moving clusters of wet weather that could bring some very heavy downpours.
Thats why we have a Flash Flood Watch for the areas that are shaded in green and more important the District Arlington Alexandria so many people trying to find that perfect place to find the fireworks this week or this week this evening.
This is what we expect in terms of this evening.
Were going to call for temperatures that are going to be on the hot side and then by two oclock this afternoon look how the areas of yellows and oranges of red really begin to pop up on the screen.
Three oclock and Im gonna stop this at four oclock five oclock a little bit of a lull but keep in mind this is just a computer simulation.
So these may be off four five miles.
In the big picture thats not a lot but it could make a huge difference whether its over the District or whether its in Fauquier County or whether its in Northern Montgomery County.
So everyone has a very good chance of heavy rain moving through the afternoon into the evening hour.
So is everyone going to be affected or possibly just some people we dont exactly know where just yet.
We dont know exactly where.
Okay.
But pretty much everyone.
All right.
At this point.
Thanks Steve.
I wish I had better news.
Were gonna keep tracking it for you though and of course we have the app as well so you can watch the radar along with Steve and well be back right after this.
Hey did you hear the big news?
Narrator Huge Koons July 4th savings are here on thousands of new Koons Toyotas Fords Chevys Jeeps and more.
All The biggest July 4th savings ever.
Narrator Get started now online at koons.com.
But wait theres more.
Narrator You might take something for your heart your joints or your digestion.
So why wouldnt you take something for the most important part of you your brain.
With an ingredient originally discovered in jellyfish Prevagen has been shown in clinical trials to improve short term memory.
Prevagen healthier brain better life.
This is Fred.
Hes dancing like nobodys watching and because all of the devices on Freds WiFi network are protected with Xfinity xFi literally nobodys watching except the millions of you of course.
Wait millions of people are watching?
Yeah were making a commercial.
Narrator If its connected its protected with Xfinity xFi.
Now thats simple easy awesome.
Get started with Xfinity for 79.99 a month for two years plus add xFi advantage for enhanced network security.
Click call or visit a store today.
Is your house less than perfect?
Im Dan from MarketPro Homebuyers and we want to buy your home.
Dont make repairs dont pay commissions and dont wait another day.
Well get you the cash you need.
No agent fees no closing costs.
Well even help you pack and move for free.
For a no obligation offer call 301750SELL.Thats 3017507355 or visit marketprohomebuyers.com.
We buy houses as is on your schedule.
Call today.
Hey you still there?
Theres more.
Narrator On top of huge Koons July 4th savings on thousands of new Koons vehicles youll get up to thousands more for your trade If your car is worth 8000 All Koons will give you ten.
Narrator Get started now online at koons.com.
Narrator Now ABC7 News At Noon on your side.
Americans are ready to celebrate the Independence Day holiday in variety of ways.
From barbecues to fireworks and meanwhile officials in cities all across the nation are taking precautions to keep their large gatherings safe and secure.
Karin Caper is on Coney Island Boardwalk in Brooklyn New York.
Thats where theyre gearing up for a very big day which is already underway.
Karin?
On the national level federal agencies say no specific credible threats against the holiday but law enforcement will remain vigilant whether its at the major celebrations like here in New York or down in D.C or one of the smaller celebrations taking place across the country today.
Independence Day celebrations set across the country and AAA forecasts nearly 49 million Americans making a getaway to celebrate.
We see unemployment is low.
Americans have additional disposal income.
So theyre taking that additional money and putting it towards a trip with friends and family this year.
Karin In Washington President Trump will deliver a speech at The Lincoln Memorial in addition to the traditional fireworks over the National Mall and for the massive fireworks display here in New York prime viewing spots will be under the eye of the NYPD with patrols in the air and on the waterways.
Crowd safety measures will include bag checks and thousands of officers on duty.
This is what the NYPD does.
We have so many large events during the year.
Well be ready everybody come on down its gonna be a great show.
The National Retail Federation estimates Americans will spend 6.7 billion on 4th of July barbecues.
Here at Coney Island theyll take things a few steps further.
At the corner of Surf and Stillwell Avenues crowds will gather for the Annual Nathans Hot Dog Eating Contest watching competitors like Gideon OG and Juliet Lee who qualified at Washingtons Capital Barbecue Battle.
Contestants have 10 minutes to down as many hot dogs and buns as they can and reigning mens champion Joey Chestnut has won the competition here 11 of the last 12 years and last year he set a record with 74 hot dogs.
That might seem like a lot but it is just a small fraction of the 150 million hot dogs Americans are expected to consume today.
At Brooklyns Coney Island Im Karin Caifa.
And now to our weather.
Steve its looking pretty calm out there right now but there are storms a brewing.
We can only hope that it wont rain on anyones parade and were listening to that live music there which is oh so nice and of course we want them to be dry when theyre preforming.
Yeah absolutely.
Unfortunately as we move through the mid afternoon hours into early evening its gonna get wet around here.
To pinpoint exactly whos going to see the heaviest rain best chances will be inside and around the Capital Beltway.
Thats where we already have a Flash Flood Watch thats been posted starting at one oclock this afternoon and extending until eight oclock tonight.
StormWatch7 Satellite and Radar whats going on right now a few showers beginning to erupt North and East of town nothing that is terribly heavy.
That heads to the Montgomery County Frederick County border over toward Urbana North of Gaithersburg even a bit of thunder and lightning right now.
Heres the latest for you on our FutureCast and this just updated for us.
Notice the showers thunderstorms begin to pop up as we head through the two oclock hour becoming more numerous and heavy as we head through the four oclock hour and then by six pm could be looking at a heavier cell over Manassas over into Fairfax and whether or not that moves over the District or just pours itself out is still yet to be determined.
Lets talk about temperatures right now.
88 degrees at Reagan National but thats just part of the story.
We feel like the middle to upper 90s to close to 100 degrees.
Coming up in a few minutes well show you FutureCast one more time plus were looking ahead through the fireworks tonight and then the upcoming weekend.
All that and much more coming up Lindsey?
Steve thank you.
This 4th of July ABC wants to honor a true American hero.
A pilot who flew more than 400 missions in three different wars.
Its a story that is very close to Robin Roberts heart because of her own family legacy.
On this July 4th we are giving the opportunity to reflect on our rich history and those who have served our country who protected and fought for our freedom the freedom that we enjoy to this day.
No one better exemplifies this sentiment than a true American patriot.
Bronze star World War II veteran Colonel Charles McGee.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for serving.
Robin 30 years in the Air Force 409 missions and 99 years young Colonel Charles McGee is an American hero.
Wherever he goes in his iconic Tuskegee Airmen red blazer all eyes are on him.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for your service sir.
Appreciate that.
Robin The Colonel one of the first black Fighter pilots who battled the enemy abroad and segregation back home.
The black American second class citizens who digged dirt built roads drive trucks cook food but do anything technical impossible.
Robin But the Tuskegee Airmen made the seemingly impossible possible completing over 1200 combat missions during World War II.
You might say the Air Force really led our country in providing equal access and equal opportunity for all.
Robin On this day of Independence Colonel McGee reminds us to set aside our differences and stand united as a country.
We are all American now.
Why they want to for me say oh youre African American.
What are you German American?
And realize that its one of the big challenges of today to recognize all for who they are what they do and how they carry themselves in supporting our country.
Hows school?
Oh good good.
Good?
Were doing good.
Keep it good.
You know why?
Youre the future of the country.
And I love that and thats what I try to pass on young folks as they develop their talents and find them.
Hopefully they put their finger on something they enjoy doing.
You realize that you have to reach out and share those experiences.
When folks ask how are things?
I just have to say life is a blessing.
The Tuskegee Airmen also known as the Red Tails and I am an honorary member thats why I have my red blazer.
Im also honored that I am the daughter of a Tuskegee Airman Colonel Lawrence E.Roberts and like Colonel McGee he shared his secret to success with his children and Colonel McGees are the four Ps he calls them.
Perceive prepare perform and persevere.
Sounds a lot like my daddy.
Many thanks to the friends of the National World War II Monument and the daughters of the American Revolution for letting us use their beautiful spaces.
We really did appreciate it.
Happy 4th of July.
Everyone watch out.
Larger than life dinosaurs have arrived at the Smithsonians National Zoo.
Travel back millions of years with ABC7 at Dino Summer now through August 31st.
Narrator StormWatch7 seven strong on a mission.
Knowing where the threat is.
Knowing how its going to impact you.
Thats makes all the difference.
Narrator StormWatch7 seven strong and always on your side.
This does not look like a discount sofa.
Its not everything I sell is quality furniture and I give you a discount Bobs Discount.
Interesting.
Ill remember this for as long as I live.
Bob you look so young.
Do you remember?
Its not discount furniture its quality furniture at a discount.
Bob Bobs Discount.
Crowd Get Bobs discount Bob Only at Bobs Discount Furniture.
Narrator No matter your plans theres a Cox Internet plan for you.
Starting at 29.99 a month for up to 10 megs.
Plus panoramic WiFi blankets your home with fast reliable Internet.
Cox has fast one gig speeds everywhere.
Super fast speeds for those things you just cant live without.
Get Internet starting at just 29.99 a month for up to 10 megs.
Call today to get the Internet plan that fits your life.
Cox Internet.
Heres your Buick sir.
Actually thats my Buick.
Your Buick doesnt have a roof rack.
This is my Buick.
How are we gonna fit in your moms Buick?
Easy.
I like that new Buick.
Me too.
I was actually talking about that Buick.
I knew that.
Did you?
Narrator Buicks fresh new line up is full of surprises.
During Buicks 4th of July sales event pay no interest for 76 months on most 2019 Buick models.
Narrator Survive Metros Summer shutdown with ABC7 News.
Count on ABC7 on your side coverage from start to finish wherever you are to keep you on track.
I want to thank you and your team for getting word out cause thats really made a big difference.
Narrator ABC7 News on your side.
We are back now with a 15 year old phenom who continues to dominate opponents twice her age Ian Pannell is in Wimbledon and has or is at Wimbledon and has more on Coco Gauffs latest win.
Ian Overnight this fairytale got another incredible chapter.
With poise and power beyond her years 15 year old Cori Coco Gauff sailed into the third round of Wimbledon after dominating an opponent twice her age.
Commentator The newest star shines a little brighter.
Ian Cocos latest victory coming just two days after the American teen sensation rocked the tennis world with a first round victory over her idol Venus Williams.
Commentator Its a dream debut for the 15 year old.
Ian That win making her an instant star bringing the praise and approval of some of the greats.
Hey there she is.
Hows everything?
Good.
Congratulations great job.
Thank you.
When are you playing?
Last on court two.
Oh okay play well.
Thank you.
Cheers bye.
You got that on camera?
I can lie and say it wasnt hard but it was definitely hard to reset all this buzz going on and I was just telling myself if you want more moments like that you got to continue to work hard and continue to stay focused.
Ian But reset she did on Wednesday defeating Slovakias Magdalena Rybarikova.
The packed house and her proud parents on their feet in a rare ovation.
Commentator And she did it with such style.
Everything has come together.
I am so proud of my daughter.
Watching her the maturity that she has developed in this last week and a half two weeks.
Obviously she wants to win the tournament but regardless of the outcome for me weve already had a success cause weve come here and weve seen growth in her.
Ian Coco now the youngest woman to advance to Wimbledons third round since 1991 and shes not intimidated.
I think I can beat anyone whos across the court and if I dont think I can win the match then I wont even step on the court.
Shes on the top of her game and you are on the top of yours today.
You are looking at the forecast with a fine tooth comb.
Absolutely and a lot to talk about hour by hour as we move through the afternoon.
This right here is Skylapse7 and look at the boat traffic on the Potomac.
Up and down everyones trying to get from point A to point B.
This is what it looks like a live view for you right now showing our skies are hazy and cloudy at least its dry inside the Capital Beltway.
Over toward Friendship Heights and Chevy Chase clouds continue to build and our next stop the Tidal Basin traffic look at that doesnt look that bad but a lot of roadways are closed so be sure to check with ABC7 WJLA.com for the latest traffic maps.
88 degrees right now at Reagan National 87 Manassas feels like temperatures already at 100 in Leesburg feels like 96 degrees at Reagan National Airport.
A heat emergency for the District.
That means cooling centers are now open throughout the District.
So if you dont have AC or you need a place to take a break thats where you need to go.
Heat index values throughout the afternoon well into the 90s.
Some of these heavier downpours will cool us down but its still gonna stay really sticky out there moving through this afternoon into this evening.
StormWatch7 Satellite and Radar look at the showers the heavier rain already beginning to blossom North of Gaithersburg up toward Urbana Barnesville Damascus all looking at wet weather right now.
The same for Lanham nothing that is severe but slow moving storms capable of producing very heavy rain over a short period of time and also the potential for localized flash flooding.
Flash Flood Watch goes into effect at one oclock this afternoon until eight oclock tonight.
All the areas that are shaded in green.
Heres our FutureCast.
Im gonna stop this for you hour by hour moving through this afternoon and evening.
Notice the wet weather develops two oclock three oclock North and East of D.C.
The Eastern edge of the Capital Beltway.
Moving into the four oclock hour a little bit of a lull at least for the District but then by five pm we could be looking at heavier rains just off toward the South at West of us.
The big question mark where will these storms set up exactly?
Will it be over the District?
Will it be over Fairfax?
Its anyones guess at this point.
What I can recommend if youre going out to the National Mall take extreme caution make sure that you have a secure place to go should you find some of these heavier downpours overhead.
If theres any good news with this forecast moving into the nine oclock hour heaviest of the rain begins to diminish and the chances for the heavier rain will begin to ease.
By 11 oclock tonight a lot of folks going home things should begin to improve just a little bit although we may see a little bit of patchy fog.
For this afternoon and into the evening for the fireworks temperatures will be in the 80s.
Waking up early tomorrow morning temperatures are in the 70s once again very warm very humid.
Highs tomorrow will make it into the mid to upper 80s to close to 90 degrees and we are looking at yet another round of wet weather through the afternoon hours.
Seven day outlook from StormWatch7 91 on Saturday 87 degrees on Sunday we drop back down to the 80s come early next week.
Lindsey?
All right Steve thank you and Seven is on your side with a Summer holiday warning.
According to the CDC drowning is the leading cause of unintentional deaths in children ages one to four.
So before you head to the pool or the beach to celebrate the 4th Gio Benitez is taking a look at how to keep your family safe.
Gio It looks like any other Summer pool party.
Young people splashing in the water parents enjoying the barbecue but somewhere in this pool five different swimmers are about to simulate that theyre drowning and were wondering if these moms and dads can spot them.
Drowning can happen in just seconds and its often difficult to spot.
Its happening to someone in this public pool right now.
Can you spot it?
There she is.
Fortunately a lifeguard spots her and makes the rescue.
But its in residential pools where lifeguards usually arent present that the majority of drownings take place.
Safety experts say part of the reason distracted parents.
Talking on their phones grilling socializing and supervising other children with no water watcher a person with eyes on the water at all times.
So weve invited this group of parents to a pool party assigning them tasks like running that grill and of course tending to their own young kids.
Weve also added swimmers splashing in the pool but those swimmers are actually trained lifeguards and swim instructors from Swim Jims swim school skilled in mimicking a drowning.
The parents know theyre here to learn about water safety with some sort of demonstration beginning in about an hour but since drowning often happens when you least expect it we begin right now.
With cameras rolling I watch from a garage just next to the pool observing some parents checking the water but mostly theyre focused on their assignments and the party and after 30 minutes there we go she went under our swim instructor Kelly begins simulating a drowning struggling to keep her head above water arms clawing for the surface and just like the real thing she barely makes a sound.
Meanwhile our guests seem not to notice.
More than a minute goes by.
Shes still struggling and nobodys looking.
Were now looking at more than two and a half minutes and still nobody notices a thing.
After more than four minutes she simulates a worst case scenario and stops moving.
Remember shes a trained professional and is just acting.
Josh from the American Red Cross has been watching with us.
Four and a half minutes still no parent noticed anything.
Right.
Does that surprise you?
It does not.
Gio Kelly goes back to swimming and we cue another swimmer and another and another all mimicking a drowning but nobody steps in.
We dont realize how quickly these kind of things can go from just a fun pool party to an incident where someone needs help.
So now the kids are gonna get out of the water.
Theyre gonna go get some snacks and theyre gonna leave someone behind and that person is gonna start drowning.
After 30 seconds of purposeful struggling this dad spots her.
You all right?
Huh?
Within 36 seconds he noticed.
Its great that he noticed.
We hope that they would notice faster.
He says in some cases swimmers can submerge in just seconds making them even more difficult to spot.
Its time to reveal our experiment.
Someone was drowning.
There were four drownings that nobody spotted.
Whats that make you think?
My kids are on the deck so I turned my back.
Doesnt mean there werent other kids in the pool though.
I got thrown off by the age.
So I think we took for granted that they all knew how to swim.
For the man who spotted our victim its too close to reality.
You were visibly shaking.
Yeah.
Gio Why were you so nervous?
Its it did happen to my child.
Gio His daughter Valentina survived but he says when she was just three she began drowning in a hot tub he was on the phone.
I got a phone call and I got distracted and she was in trouble.
So that brought memories.
Water safety experts say one of the solutions is a water watcher somebody standing next to the pool free from distractions constantly scanning the water for any signs of distress rotating every 15 minutes to avoid losing focus.
We showed the parents what they missed.
This is that moment when shes motionless in the water and this seems to be very emotional for you.
Theyre all our kids.
What else do you say?
Narrator At Cookology our goal is to inspire people to connect over a great meal.
Our chefs teach handson cooking classes to adults and kids everyday in our safe commercial kitchens in Dalston Center in Ballston Quarter.
Sign up today at CookologyOnline.com.
Im Kidd Oshea.
Check out Cooking With Kidd every Tuesday as the areas top chefs and foodies join me in the kitchen.
See what were cooking on ABC7 News at Four.
Narrator Cooking with Kidd is brought to you by Ballston Quarter and Cookology.
This is an important announcement.
Funeral costs are rising every year costing thousands upon thousand of dollars and more and more families are shocked and unexpectedly burdened with funeral costs when a loved one dies.
You dont have to let that happen.
If youre a United States resident between the ages of 40 and 85 now is the time to call about the Funeral Advantage Program.
Through the Funeral Advantage Program your family receives a life insurance cash benefit up to 20000 in the event of your death.
If you live in a qualifying state and youre between age 40 and 85 call now because you are eligible for a free Funeral Advantage Program offer.
Dont put it off.
Call the number on your screen now to request your Final Wishes organizer free without obligation.
The Final Wishes organizer will help make many difficult decisions easier and uncomplicated.
Dont delay.
When you call well add this second important booklet absolutely free.
The 9 Things Every Senior Needs To Know About Funerals puts the facts on funeral planning in plain language.
You may be surprised by what it reveals.
Call now.
Call 18009173700 to find out more about Funeral Advantage.
You have absolutely no risk or obligation.
Dont wait call 18009173700 now.
Narrator How do you celebrate the 4th of July?
Show us with a picture.
Just upload your best shots using our ABC7 News app.
In todays Spotlight on Education were taking a closer look at a program designed to enrich students and keep them plugged into learning during the Summer months.
Kelly Lin is taking us to North West for a look at the Summer Discovery Program.
Teacher Lets name them one by one.
Students Mercury Venus Earth.
Kelly A journey to space an encounter with heroes and villains and the execution of simple missions.
In Simple Missions we are architects and engineers and in Heroes and Villains we learn to draw and write our comics.
Kelly Just a few of the activities and themes offered through the D.C public schools Summer Discovery Program.
The goal is to reduce Summer learning loss and to give our scholars enrichment opportunities all Summer long.
Im learning how to draw and mythology.
Kelly Learning that comes at no charge.
Teacher Could we survive in space?
Students No.
Kelly And is offered at eight campuses across the city during the months of June and July.
For every scholar thats in the Summer school program they also have a slot in our after schools program.
So were offering programming from eight am to 530 pm.
Kelly For nine year old Salway Brenin the STEM focused content allows her to pursue some of her favorite activities.
I like engineering and designing things.
Kelly In the DCPS Summer Discovery Program.
Teacher And were gonna start here tomorrow.
Kelly At Garrison Elementary in North West Teacher High Five Space Cadets!
Kelly Kelly Lin ABC7 News.
If you know someone in education or a program that Kelly should be shining the spotlight on we wanna hear from you.
All you can do is go to WJLA.comOnYourSide to send in your suggestions and stick with us Steves gonna be back with a final check on your holiday forecast after the break.
Im Kevin Goldberg.
If youve been injured in an automobile accident dont sign a release until you speak to us.
Call 1800JUSTICE for a free case evaluation.
Goldberg Finnegan protecting your rights.
Are you looking for a hassle free simple way to sell your home as is.
It doesnt matter if youre downsizing your home have fallen behind on repairs or your mortgage.
Get an offer on your home in as little as 10 minutes with House Buyers of America.
We buy houses directly.
Theres no middlemen no commissions.
Theres no need to deal with real estate agents repairs inspections and renovations.
Give us a call today.
Were A plus rated with the Better Business Bureau.
House Buyers of America real estate made real easy.
Today is a special day.
Its my sons 16th birthday.
So well take it.
Dad are you serious?
Youre getting me a Benz?
What!
Oh no no no.
Youre getting the old car Im getting the Benz.
Narrator Ready for your dream car?
AMKOs got it.
Visit for the best selection best prices and the financing you need.
Dont wait for me Ill be on a joyride.
Man!
Music The M the K the O its AMKO Music Narrator Appliance shopping shouldnt be painful.
Come to Bray and Scarff where factory trained appliance experts give you the personal attention you deserve and get July 4th savings now with exclusive double rebates on select KitchenAid packages plus this Maytag top load washer with deep fill and power wash for just 699.
Shop local at Bray and Scarff where it doesnt cost more to get more.
Narrator Youre a person not a credit score but sometimes your score gets in the way of the things you want to do.
Personal consumer loans through NetCredit help you borrow up to 10000 and you can check if youre eligible on NetCredit.com without affecting your credit score.
You may even be able to build your credit history as you repay.
NetCredit a more personal personal loan.
Visit NetCredit.com today.
If youve been injured in an accident call 1800JUSTICE and well meet with you free of charge to discuss your case.
You dont know if the insurance company is being fair until you talk to an attorney.
Goldberg Finnegan protecting your rights.
All Three two one go!
The Nathans Hot Dog Eating Contest is happening right now but last night in our area two divisions competed in the Palisades Pie Eating Contest.
There was a kids challenge and then one for the adults.
Its so much cuter with the kids.
The twist is that this was obviously hands free there.
Goodness.
Wow what a mess.
But a lot of fun.
Wow.
I think I can do better if it was like chocolate cream or coconut cream as opposed to a fruit pie.
I feel like the cherries are easier to you know.
Its a mess but a lot of fun.
I dont know.
All right so here we go through the afternoon hours.
We are live now almost one oclock.
We have a Flash Flood Watch that will go into effect in about four minutes until eight oclock tonight.
Areas that are shaded in green.
Heres our FutureCast two oclock.
Notice East of D.C heaviest the downpours are on the way and as we move through the three oclock hour the four oclock hour this is our high resolution model.
It does keep the heaviest of the rain at least according to this model outside of the Beltway however this could shift a few miles and around here three four five six miles makes a big difference.
As we move into the seven oclock hour eight oclock hour things begin to improve for the fireworks.
So your 4th of July afternoon and evening forecast looks like this.
It is hot it is humid.
Temperatures well into the upper 80s to near 90 to start.
Heavier downpours could bring upwards of two inches of rain.
Localized flooding even some thunderstorms with gusty winds.
Were gonna keep you updated all afternoon right here on ABC7 and on WJLA.com.
Bill will be in here Ill join him later on this afternoon.
Have a really wonderful day.
Happy 4th of July and well see you back here at four.
Narrator Stay ahead of the storms with the StormWatch7 app.
Live radar severe alerts lifestyle forecasts and more.
Download the StormWatch7 app always with you always on your side.
Narrator ABC7 News at six followed by World News Tonight weeknights.
Set your eyes on my latest game changer.
A world famous BobOPedic Queen Mattress for only 299.
With all the quality and comfort of its more expensive cousins its really a little gem of a mattress.
So thats what we called it.
The BobOPedic Gem.
Crowd Get Bobs discount!
Is your house less than perfect?
Im Dan from MarketPro Home Buyers and we wanna buy your home.
My husband and I were faced with a decision of what to do with my fathers home.
The house required a lot of work.
Thats when I found MarketPro Home Buyers.
Dan visited our home and within minutes he gave us a quote.
It was so easy.
Dan even helped pay to pack and move us.
MarketPro Home Buyers truly helped my family when we did not know what to do.
Dan Call us today at 3017507355.
Music MeHeHe Music Its meant to be.
Yeah.
Music Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Music Music Im the only one of me Music Music Baby thats the fun of me Music Narrator Its your Me Time!
Music Ooh ooh ooh Music GMA at seven Live With Kelly and Ryan at nine Rachael at 10 The View at 11 and Strahan and Sara at one.
Music MeHeHe Music Music Ooh ooh ooh Music Yes!
Music And I promise that nobodys gonna love you like Music Narrator Your Me Time!
ABC7 Narrator Appliance shopping shouldnt be painful.
Come to Bray and Scarff where factory trained appliance experts give you the personal attention you deserve and get July 4th savings now like the lowest prices of the season on the GE Profile packages plus this GE french door refrigerator now 1999 in stainless slate or black slate.
Shop local at Bray and Scarff