This week on America's birthday, known as Independence Day or simply July 4th, Donald Trump threw himself a party.
Ever since he saw that the French president has a parade, it's called Bastille Day and the dictator of North Korea has a parade, it's called Authoritarianism, and that they get to have tanks and people marching in front of them and saluting them and all that stuff, he's wanted to have one too.
He tried to co-opt other holidays to get his parade like Veterans Day or Memorial Day but the adults in the military kept pushing him back.
Well no more.
Donald Trump finally got his special Donald Trump parade.
Rolling tanks down the streets of your capital, flying Air Force planes over his head while he gave an odd speech about the airports, the Continental Congress took control of during the Revolutionary War.
In June of 1775, the Continental Congress created a unified army out of the revolutionary forces encamped around Boston and New York and named after the great George Washington, Commander-in-Chief.
The Continental Army suffered a bitter winter at Valley Forge, found glory across the waters of the Delaware and seized victory from Cornwallis of Yorktown.
Our army manned the airports, it rend the ramparts, it took over the airports, it did everything it had to do and it fought McHenry under the rocket's red glare, it had nothing but victory.
Okay!
I'm sure that you know this already because you paid attention in school, but just so that it's said, the Continental Army was not named after George Washington.
There was no air travel during the Revolutionary War.
Airplanes weren't even invented until 1903.
And the Battle at Fort McHenry happened during The War of 1812!
Details!
In the end, for millions of your tax dollars, this what you, well actually what Donald Trump got.
On this day, 243 years ago, our founding fathers pledged their lives, their fortunes and their sacred honor to declare Independence and defend our God-given rights.
Throwing not an American president but what looks like an authoritarian leader.
Festooned by his military and making a show of force to, well it's not really clear who.
Because Donald Trump actually really likes dictators.
Joining me now is Maria Teresa Kumar, president and CEO of Voto Latino.
Jelani Cobb, professor at Columbia Journalism School, Craig Unger, Vanity Fair contributor and author of House of Trump, House of Putin and Representative Ted Lieu, Democrat from California and a member of the Foreign Affairs and Judiciary committees.
I wanna go to you first Congressman.
What did you make of it?
Watching an American president do this thing that Tom Nichols who's an expert on the history of the Soviet Union and of that region, described as looking like an old Soviet kind of parade.
Thank you Joy for your question.
Let me just first say that natural disasters like earthquakes can strike at any time and I urge everyone to be prepared with supplies and a safety plan.
Now to answer your question, one of the big problems with Trump's July 4th event, is that it was a campaign event paid for by the American taxpayer.
Not only did he divert millions of dollars to this event, he also had the Republican National Committee give out passes, VIP passes to major donors.
That was outrageous.
That was really a violation of our ethics and he made a mockery of our Independence Day.
And thank you for mentioning what's going on in your state.
We just saw two natural disasters in the state of California.
So this is a time when the federal government actually has priorities that are important, that we should be spending money on.
Things like making sure, that states are ready for natural disasters like you just saw in your state.
So when you see the President of the United States diverting money so that he can have planes fly over him rather than spending the money on important things like that or maybe uncaging children, which he's also doing in the state of California and Arizona and other places.
As a member of Congress, is there something that you guys plan to do about that?
Because this does seem like a tremendous waste of money.
Members of Congress can't even use official resources to participate in a parade.
In this case, Trump diverted $2.5 million of National Park fees to pay for his party.
And I've asked the Federal Election Commission to look into this because how can you have all this taxpayer money do this event and then have the Republican National Committee be involved in such a major way handing out VIP passes to their major donors.
Yeah, and besides that, I wanna go to you Craig Unger.
You've written a lot about Donald Trump his Mafia sort of relationships that he's had throughout his career, particularly when it comes to Russia.
This is what Michael McFaul, who is the former US Ambassador to Russia tweeted after Donald Trump's weird parade.
He said, I knew this was coming.
Tweet from Julia Davis News, Russia's state TV is obsessively bashing Trump's low energy, weak parade with rusty tanks.
The host's LOL at Trump's claim about Revolutionary War airports, and other historical flubs.
There's your city upon a hill.
There's your world leader, and Martians have been defeated.
The fact is that Donald Trump not only wasted America's money, to make himself a campaign commercial, but he also has subjected the United States to mockery because real dictatorships know what a dictator parade is supposed to look like Craig.
Right, well at least sometimes they get their facts straight.
It's interesting that if the Russian State TV is going after Trump, that doesn't happen without Vladimir Putin's say-so.
It's also interesting that clip you showed, the number of historical errors and it is just extraordinary and the White House has an office of speech writing with lots of researchers and interns and they fact-check things.
And there are only three possibilities for that level of transcendental stupidity to take place.
One is, that that office is completely filled with people with room temperature IQ.
The other is that all the procedures have fallen apart and they don't exist anymore.
And the third possibility is it sprung from the brain of Donald Trump and that is deeply, deeply disturbing.
There's a lot about it that's disturbing Jelani.
I wanna go to you on this, I'm glad that you're here just to have an historical context to all of this.
Donald Trump really admires dictatorships around the world. He seems to really admire Kim Jong Un.
All of the media has been saying that this is supposed to be sort of his version of the Bastille Day ceremony.
But I pointed out earlier this week on MSNBC the whole Bastille Day thing is about sending a message to dictators.
That's what the whole Bastille Day parade is about.
This is clearly not that, because Donald Trump likes dictators.
That's not what you're trying to send a message doing.
So in your mind, what is this, what was the message of what you saw, I don't know if you watched it but what was the message that you think came out of what Donald Trump did this week?
Oh it was pure and grandiosity and self-inflation.
And so one of the things I think that's significant here is that the United States at least in theory is supposed to operate on the doctrine that we are a nation of laws, that no one is above the law and that the constitution is the fundamental authority.
That is a different position, fundamentally different position than a state in which the personality or the authoritarian leader is the head of all interests and ideas within the state.
And so what Donald Trump did, was essentially hijack this idea and turn it into something that was supposed to glorify himself.
This kinda interesting paradox here which is that several years ago, I did a Fulbright Fellowship and I spent an entire semester in Moscow teaching at Moscow State University and at the end of the semester, there was the May 9th Celebration.
Anybody who has been to Russia or knows about their history post World War II, May 9th is a gigantic celebration that happens each year, somewhere between the 4th of July and New Year's and it is a recognition of the Soviet defeat of the Nazi threat, an existential threat that confronted them during World War II.
So it's a huge and I'm able to be there for the parade and there's just this kind of complete procession of military vehicles.
There are missiles, there are tanks, there are armored vehicles, there are Jeeps and it looks like an army amassing for an invasion.
And so someone turns to me and says, do you do the same thing in the United States on the 4th of July.
I said no, this would never happen in the United States because they in the United States believe, we believe that there should be a really clear distinction between civilian authority and military might and that our authority is supposed to, at least in theory stem from our laws and our moral beliefs.
And what Donald Trump did, was essentially invert that to create it as a kind of satirical almost emulation of something that he sees in Vladimir Putin.
We should recognize this as the anti-democratic movement that it actually was.
Yeah, Maria Teresa, there's an example.
I mean Eugene Robinson made a similar point when he talked about the fact that Trump tried to make himself look big by doing this piece.
A little bit of what Eugene, what he wrote, it was clear from the beginning that Independence Day meant nothing more to Trump than an opportunity to choreograph a made for television re-election event and give himself an obscenely expensive ego message.
It invoked mockery.
There's a cartoon, we're gonna show here that's drawn on what airplanes would look like during the Revolutionary War.
It's a picture of Ben Franklin attached to two kites, there it is and this is by somebody I know.
This is by the great Natalie Johnson who drew that.
Here's the reality, Donald Trump it seems wants to be seen as this big man.
He wants to be seen as this grand leader of this great military but what he actually can accomplish through his own, the quality of the staff that he has around him, is he can't do that.
He can't do what Jelani just talked about, right?
The reality was right, even in the case of Russia which now is an adversary of the United States, during World War II they were fighting the Nazis.
So if they're doing a big celebration and talking about defeating the Nazi Empire, they're sort of sending a message again to dictators.
There are only two kinds of these parades.
There's that, and there's the one like in North Korea.
Trump is tying to do it because I think he thinks he's emulating it, he doesn't even know how.
Or really why!
This is to Maria.
We're the largest military operators in the world.
We don't have to show that type of display of force because the world already knows it.
And what I found so disappointing when it came to the July 4th is July 4th is to commemorate our roots as Americans.
Where we come from, the fact that we may have fled different countries or we came here because we recognize that.
Our Americanism, our DNA is this idea that we're a nation of immigrants and we have strength and we don't have to show military might because the world already knows it.
And what Donald Trump did was such a sad display because he didn't have the courage to actually join the military when his card was up.
He instead deferred on bone spurs.
And so he basically, not only deteriorates the flag but also the meaning of what it means to be an American and what it means to be July 4th, what it means to come together as a nation.
The reason that presidents don't show up on July 4th and don't make it about them, is because it's one country under one flag and one unity.
It's not supposed to be partisan and what instead he did is he created a campaign rally, trying to differentiate and divide us and what I espouse and what I think was really beautiful is that you still saw families on that lawn saying, I'm apolitical, I'm here to share it with my families.
And that's what we should remind people of what July 4th is.
We don't have to show military might, we don't have to scare the world, we know what we are, we know who we are and we know that we do it with justice.
The fact that he can do this in the backdrop of caging children, that is not who we are and the more that we can actually make sure that we are standing strong to those values, despite about what I call this aberration in our history, we have to make sure that we are very clear minded of what it means to be American and what it means to be democratic and what it means to be fair and just.
Yeah, very quickly just let everybody go through one last chance.
Jelani, do you think that what you saw, what Donald Trump made us look stronger or weaker as a country?
Oh absolutely weaker.
The worst part of it is that, had this actually not been an inept display of pseudo-authoritarianism, we still would have looked weaker.
If he had done this correctly, in air quotes, correctly, we would have looked weaker.
But now we look doubly weak, because it is a poor imitation of something that was never meant to be imitated in the first place.
Yeah, very quickly and to go to you Craig.
When the Russians look at us, they're already laughing at us.
Donald Trump thinks they're his best friends.
Are they his friends or is he now a subject of even mockery to them?
Well, I think he is subject to mockery and I think Jelani is absolutely right.
The images that come away from it today, are that we have concentration camps on the border, we have tanks by the Lincoln Memorial.
The mall is, there was an interesting piece in the Washington Post.
The architecture is about reconciliation.
It's by the Lincoln Memorial, our original sin was slavery, we had a Civil War and this is where we were supposed to have reconciliation and instead, today we have images of tanks and the whole crisis at the border.
I'm gonna give you the last word Congressman because you are a member of the Air Force I believe.
You've served in the military.
As a person who actually did serve, unlike Donald Trump, when you saw tanks rolling down the nation's capital, your thoughts were what?
Having served in active duty in the military, we've been trained to not participate in partisan campaign events.
There was a Department of Defense directive that prohibits military members from showing up in uniform at a campaign rally.
This was a massive taxpayer-funded campaign rally with the Republican National Committee handing out VIP passes.
It really eroded what should be a non-partisan military and that was sad and disappointing.
Thank you all for being here and sending out really good thoughts to your state Congressman Lieu.
Thank you very much all of you.