
Well thanks so much to you for joining us today Im Jim Sciutto.
You can follow me on Twitter JimSciutto.
At This Hour With Kate Bolduan starts right now.
Hello everyone Im Kate Boldaun.
Thanks so much for joining me.
A ticking time bomb that is what federal investigators warn in a new report about the dangerous overcrowding occurring in government border facilities.
A government report not an advocacy group not Democratic members of Congress not attorneys representing migrants this is a 16 page report compiled by the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security.
Look at these images that were showing right here.
What they found is shocking.
Mass overcrowding of children and adults some with no access to showers or clean clothes.
No laundry facilities.
Its all detailed in the report.
Some children with no access to warm meals for days.
Adults forced into standing room only conditions for a week the report says.
Officials describe the migrants even as banging on cell windows and holding up signs for help.
And then there are these images.
These are images drawn by children who recently were released from border facilities.
The drawings appear to show children you know exactly what your eyes tell you.
In cages in jail.
The American Academy of Pediatrics released these pictures saying that these facilities in their words are no place for children.
Its a painful reminder of what these children are going through and are going through right now.
Lets get straight over to CNNs Nick Valencia.
Hes at a border facility in El Paso Texas.
Nick whats the very latest?
Well its a bit of breaking news this morning.
Were hearing from acting DHS secretary Kevin McAleenan about those social media posts.
Remember earlier this week Kate we reported ProPublica the investigative team first reported about this closed Facebook group that featured current and former they say Border Patrol agents making lewd comments derogatory comments racially inflammatory comments joking about dead migrants.
Well now Kevin McAleenan the acting DHS secretary tweeting this this morning.
I have directed an immediate investigation and as the U.S.Border Patrol Cheif has made clear any employee found to have compromised the publics trust in our law enforcement mission will be held accountable.
What is a little bit unclear to us at this moment is we were under the understanding that earlier this week an investigation had already been under way.
The posts were said to have been turned over to the Internal Affairs at CBP DHS.
Inspector General has also said to have gotten their hands on these social media posts.
A broader question though Kate were also wondering if hes calling for an investigation into these social media posts?
When will he call for an investigation into the conditions in these Border Patrol facilities?
And speaking on that it was yesterday that I spoke to a long time veteran El Paso Border Patrol agent who said that they are just tired of seeing the conditions that migrants are being held in and decided to speak out.
So long as we concealed their identity.
Youre taking a big risk by doing this.
Agent Yes but America needs to know.
They need to know the truth.
Nick A Border Patrol agent whos had enough.
In a CNN exclusive interview the veteran agent who agreed to go on camera only if their identity was concealed expressed disgust at a closed Facebook group reportedly comprised of thousands of current and former agents.
ProPublica the first to expose the group Im 1015 where members shared lewd and sexist content about Latina members of congress including Alexandria OcasioCortez.
The agent telling CNN being derogatory is part of the Border Patrol culture even hearing a supervisor joke about dead migrants.
Agent He was making fun of them.
Saying what?
Agent That what difference does it make its just another life.
He made a comment also regarding running over illegals and Im like you cannot run over people.
Nick In describing the conditions inside the El Paso detention facilities the agent compared them to a zoo.
Agent The holding facility the cells they are what I would say filthy.
We have a maintenance and cleaning crew that clean the general area like the hallways but I have never seen them cleaning pampers or cleaning toilets in the cells or cleaning sinks in the cell.
Sometimes you go in a cell and there is trash everywhere.
There are those in leadership in Customs and Border Protection Agent Yes.
Nick They say that migrants are getting basic human rights.
What do you say to leaders who are saying migrants are getting basic human rights?
Agent What is basic human rights?
Toilet paper?
Water from the sink?
Wearing the same clothing for days?
I remember when there used to be a processing center where we used to have especially in winter we used to have these blankets and 10 different aliens would use the same blanket.
We would recycle them.
Wed put them in a bag and they wouldnt get wash.
I feel like you know multiple times during our interview youve sort of stared off in the distance and youve thought about some things that youve seen.
It seems as though there are things that you might take home with you.
Agent Everyday.
Like what?
Agent The kids.
Nick What about the kids?
Agent You know they just want hope.
They want to believe in something.
They want to feel sure.
Do you support President Trumps immigration policies?
Agent President Trump is our Commanderinchief and unless hes unethical illegal or immoral we should obey.
Nick The question is at what cost?
Customs and Border Protection did not directly respond to those allegations Kate but they did say that theyre handing them over to the Office of the Inspector General.
Nick thanks so much.
Really great reporting down there really appreciate it.
Joining me right now to discuss this further is Congressman Marc Veasey of Texas.
He was among the Democratic lawmakers who visited some of the border detention facilities in his state this week.
Congressman I was just seeing you shaking your head.
Yeah I mean just hearing that I mean how can you hear that and it not just break your heart?
I mean its awful.
And based on what I saw on my trip day before yesterday I 100 believe him.
They did everything they could to give us the theres nothing here to see tour but when you talked to migrants that were in custody they told us first hand that they were being told to drink out of toilets when they were thirsty that there were kids that were walking around in clothing where there was mucus just from days and days worth of mucus and other debris on their clothing.
Showers being denied for days.
They told us that they could shower anytime at least once a day but what we were told was that they were being denied showers for days by migrants and you know based on this Facebook post how can you not believe that the migrants were telling us the truth and now based on what this Border Patrol agent was just telling us and the IG report I mean something has to change.
Well lets talk about that but before we get there on top of those two things theres something else that has come out these images these drawings from the American Academy of Pediatrics.
They released these pictures of drawings that young children made once they were released but made of their time in custody.
I mean you can see with your own eyes what it clearly looked like to them and more importantly what it felt like to them to be in there.
What do you say to that when you see this?
Yeah well I cant see the images but I can tell you that we saw young children that appeared to me to be three or four years old that were in holding cells.
Holding cells similar to what you would see at a county lockup.
And again just based on the IGs report and the interviews that we just heard theres no question in my mind that these children are being treated very poorly and I think that it also illustrates that President Trump will do anything that he can to try to appease his base when it comes to immigration and that he is using this migrants as pawns in a political game and that is just absolutely sick and it has to stop now.
And I will tell you that one of the things that has to change today is that members of Congress need to be able to go and visit these facilities without 48 hour notice.
Right now we have to give 48 hour notice.
We need to be able to go into these facilities whenever we want to and we can fly down there on our own dime we can fly down there at the spur of the momentI actually have been wondering about this Congressman.
When we hear about this allegations.
Its really interesting actually that you bring this up because Ive been wondering this.
Coming from the IG report where they did surprise visits at five facilities and thats what they found.
And even with the amount of notice that you were given that you had to give to go into this facility and the stories that you were told Im starting to wonder if you just because journalists cant go in there with cameras thats the thing I continue to have to say to our viewers.
Why dont you just make a tour of it why dont you just give that 48 hours notice and make a tour of it and keep visiting these facilities over and over again because maybe that is what would bring about maybe that is what would bring about change?
Yeah I think that again obviously more tours would be helpful but not having to give the notice.
I mean if I wanted to go down there right now and visit that facility at Clint or any of them along the border I need to be able to as a member of Congress we have oversight of these committees and the game that theyre playing.
And I personally feel like the reason why theyre playing games is that they feel empowered by this president and Stephen Miller whos his socalled immigration tzar.
But you do have someone appointed by the President as well the new Acting Chief of the Department of Homeland Security who he says hes acting in talking about the Facebook postings that secret Facebook page.
Hes directed an investigation and he says that anyone whos done wrong should be and will be held accountable.
We learned that today.
Do you applaud him?
Yeah no absolutely.
He is certainly saying the right thing when it comes to that.
We need to see it followed up with action.
Of course you probably saw that Elijah Cummings whos the Chair of the Oversight Committee that hes going to conduct investigations that the acting secretary said that he is going to conduct investigations.
And not only do people need to be disciplined people need to be fired.
I mean I cant tell you Kate just the fact knowing that some of the people that were supposed to be our security for that day when we were at the press conference and all of the people that were wearing the MAGA hats were screaming obscenities at us that those were supposed to be our security personnel and those are the people that are supposed to be in charge of making sure these migrants are being treated humanely and theyre a part of that Facebook page.
Thats just absolutely unacceptable.
So when investigations are conducted and I hope that they will be conducted very swiftly people need to be terminated and again depending on what is found out there may need to be some people that need to be prosecuted.
Well one thing that we do know is theres something like 9500 members of that Facebook page but we dont know exactly who those Facebook pages who those postings are from who those people are in real life that is part of the investigation and that is what Kevin McAleenan says theyre gonna get to the bottom of.
Theres so much more to this especially from this IG report.
I just cannot turn away from it and no one else should.
Congressman thank you comin on.
Let us know when you go on your next tour.
Absolutely.
We have another story though that were following this morning.
CNN has learned that military chiefs have concerns over what President Trumps Fourth of July event is turning into.
A source with direct knowledge says that while planning the event Pentagon leaders expressed reservations about putting military hardware like tanks and other armored vehicles on display.
Those concerns I mean they dont appear to have had much of an impact as we know tanks are already on the National Mall as of this morning.
So whats this all going to cost?
That is also unclear.
CNNs Tom Foreman hes in Washington at the National Mall for us.
Hey Kate preparations are underway all up and down the National Mall here where things like this big pieces of military hardware are being brought in as the President has requested to have a great show of American power and influence.
But his critics are saying what this really is all about is a great show of his ego.
The iconic fireworks over the National Mall will be moved to a new spot.
All flights will be grounded at Washingtons Reagan National Airport for more than two hours and three times the usual number of National Guard troops will be deployed for security.
All so President Donald Trump can be the centerpiece for DCs Fourth of July celebration giving an unprecedented speech at the Lincoln Memorial.
Were gonna have a great Fourth of July in Washington DC.
Itll be like no other.
Tom For all the costly changes its still not precisely what he wanted early on a grand military parade as seen in other some countries such as France Russia and North Korea but cost estimates for that plan quickly ran into tens of millions of dollars.
The DC City Council mindful of expensive street damage howled No tanks.
The Park Service has remained quiet about how much it will cost to take on the additional requirements.
And the Pentagon is not discussing the price tag for a flyover by the Blue Angels a plane that serves as Air Force One some other aircraft and a couple of tanks and troop carriers that will also be there but simply parked near the Mall.
We wanna bring millions of people into the city and we want people to come who love our country!
Those are the people we want.
Tom The President tweeting The Pentagon and our great Military Leaders are thrilled after asking the chiefs of every branch to stand with him during the celebration.
The Pentagon not saying which if any are going.
And adding to the frustration of those who claim the traditionally nonpartisan event is being hijacked by Team Trump the White House and the Republican National Committee are reportedly giving VIP access to favored friends and colleagues.
Democrats say on this scorching week they are largely being frozen out.
The White House response.
This is a public event its open to the public.
One part of the public I dont think theyre going to like too much Kate is protestors have received a permit to fly that baby Trump balloon over everything.
So that will also be up in the air here no doubt to the displeasure of the White House.
Kate.
Tom thank you so much.
So it is of course the Fourth of July as were discussing and we are of course in the middle of an election season so you know what that means.
All roads lead to Iowa!
At least for almost everyone.
Most of the top Democratic presidential contenders converging on the state right now what does that look like on the ground?
And what are Iowa caucus goers what are they talkin about right now?
My experience with USAA has been excellent.
They really appreciate military families and it really shows.
With all that USAA offers why go with anybody else?
We know their rates are good.
We know that theyre always gonna take care of us.
It was instant savings and I should have changed a long time ago.
It was funny because when we would call another insurance company they would say Oh we cant beat USAA.
Were the Weber family.
Were the Tenneys.
Were the Hails and were USAA members for life.
Announcer Get your USAA auto insurance quote today.
Announcer Prestige creams not living up to the hype?
Olay Regenerist shatters the competition.
Big hype big price big deal.
Olay Regenerist hydrates skin better than creams costing over 100 200 and even 400.
For skin that looks younger than it should.
Fact check this ad in Good Housekeeping.
Olay Regenerist.
Now try Olay Hydrating Eye.
Hydrates better than the number one prestige eye cream.
Man With my Hepatitis C I felt I couldnt be at my best for my family.
In only eight weeks with Mavyret I was cured and left those doubts behind.
Woman I faced reminders of my Hep C everyday but in only eight weeks with Mavyret I was cured.
Man Even hanging with friends I was worried about my Hep C but in only eight weeks with Mavyret I was cured.
Announcer Mavyret is the only eightweek cure for all common types of Hep C.Before starting Mavyret your doctor will test if youd had Hepatitis B which may flare up and cause serious liver problems during and after treatment.
Tell your doctor if youve had Hepatitis B a liver or kidney transplant other liver problems HIV 1 or other medical conditions and all medicines you take including herbal supplements.
Dont take Mavyret with Atazanavir or rifampin or if youve had certain liver problems.
Common side effects include headache and tiredness.
With Hep C behind me I feel free.
Fearless.
And theres no looking back because I am cured.
Announcer Talk to your doctor about Mavyret.
Announcer Most people think a button is just a button.
That a speaker is just a speaker.
Or that the journey cant be the destination.
Most people havent driven a Lincoln.
Announcer Discover the Lincoln approach to craftsmanship at the Lincoln Summer Invitation.
Right now get 0 APR on all 2019 Lincoln vehicles plus no payments for up to 90 days.
Only at your Lincoln dealer.
We found the perfect new home and we wanted to move fast but we didnt feel confident making an offer until we knew our other home would sell.
Announcer Introducing Simple Sale by HomeLight.
With Simple Sale cash buyers compete to make you an offer whenever youre ready to sell.
Theres no prep no hassle no uncertainty.
We sold our home in under a week and it was so easy.
And that perfect new home we found we got it.
Announcer To see your Simple Sale price visit homelight.comsimple today.
Announcer Instead of going to school every morning what if school could come to you?
Because learning happens anywhere and everywhere.
K12 powered schools provide a tuitionfree fulltime online public school education.
Its public school at home.
Announcer Visit k12.com to learn more.
My students are ready to accept the challenge and they get all the attention that they deserve.
Announcer Students benefit from personalized support from state certified teachers.
That to me is a huge support for me.
Honestly shes just happier.
I can have more time with my family and do gymnastics.
Announcer K12s curriculum is designed to engage students to challenge them and its tuition free.
Mom Its been a huge change in her life and ours.
Announcer So visit k12.com today and join the over one million K12 students who have chosen public school at home.
Tuitionfree and available in most states.
I have always wanted to do this.
This is gonna be awesome!
Both Lets do this!
Babe what are you doing?
Gonna demo the bathroom.
Who are you?
The Bath Fitter installer remember?
Bath Fitter custom made our new bath to fit perfectly over the new old one so theres no demo or mess.
Impressive.
Wait so no demo?
Sorry man.
Announcer Bath Fitter will remodel your bath with no messy demolition in as little as one day.
Call now or visit bathfitter.com for a free inhome consultation.
Announcer Closed captioning brought to you by Theraworx Relief.
Prevent and relieve muscle cramps.
I would get muscle cramps several times a week for decades.
Using Theraworx Relief the cramps are gone.
Announcer Get Theraworx Relief today in stores everywhere.
If youre running for president there are some general rules of the road and this is in no way a complete list.
You need get used to shakin hands lots of em you need to get used to kissing really cute babies and you better get yourself to Iowa if it is the Fourth of July.
Seven candidates are campaigning across the state today including four of the five top tier in the latest polling out of Iowa.
All crisscrossing the state to make their pitch capitalize on their debate bounce or make up ground for their recent dropoff if you will.
So lets go there.
Joining me right now is Chief Politics Reporter for the Des Moines Register Brianne Pfannenstiel Brianne thanks for being here.
Thanks for having me.
So the latest polling numbers we have out of Iowa really show that the race has reset.
Weve got Kamala Harris seeing a big bounce launching into second place Biden in the front still but seeing a real slide in support.
What are you hearing on the ground.
Is Kamalas rise for real?
Well I think youre hearing a lot of voters who are really interested in Kamala.
You know even in Iowa a lot of people are really tuning into this whole process for the first time during the national debates.
Theyre seeing this candidates lined up side by side and so theyre getting their first sense of how they interact how they appeal to voters and so people are really interested in Kamala right now theyre interested to see what shes gonna be talking about during her campaign swing here.
Shes got several events across the state so well be following her but Joe Biden is also in town and so people also are curious to see how hes going to respond to this new pressure.
Thats a great question.
The candidate who seems to be also facing some real trouble in Iowa right now is Bernie Sanders.
In a predebate Sanders was holding out holding on in second place at 16 support.
Postdebate the USA Today Suffolk University poll out of Iowa he dropped to fourth place and for the first time hitting into the single digits there.
You were just at a Sanders event.
What about his message isnt connecting with folks there?
What are you hearing?
Well I think theres a little bit of a disconnect because the people who like Bernie Sanders really like Bernie Sanders.
You go to some events and the people who are there are very much for him.
Theyre committed to him in a way that theyre not committed to a lot of these other candidates on the ground here.
You go to these events and people say you know Im shopping around I wanna hear from more people Im trying to see what they have to say but you go to a Bernie Sanders event and they say Im here for Bernie Im planning to caucus for him.
So while he certainly slipped in the polls I wouldnt necessarily underestimate how much support he has here in Iowa from his core base.
These polls are showing him slipping and so he may need to adjust his message a little bit but I also think were gonna be seeing a lot of movement between now and caucus day in those polls.
And also one thing we know about Bernie Sanders is adjusting his message is not something that he does.
Hes had the same message for a long time and thats what his supporters love about him.
So watching the debate of course there were a million issues in the two hour or four hours over the two nights that the candidates cared about talked about and were asked about.
Is there one or two issues that you are hearing most about from Democrats in Iowa as theyre facing this big field of Democrats right now to choose from?
Yeah and we try to track this a lot.
You know what questions are Iowans asking at these events?
Whats top of mind for them and we try to do a lot of polling of the crowds just one on one as reporters and so what we hear every single time is healthcare is a huge issue and so where they fall on healthcare where they want these candidates to stand on say Medicare for all is vast.
Theres a lot of differences in what they want but healthcare is I would say the top issue that were hearing about and I think thats followed really closely by climate change right now.
Oh thats really interesting to see to hear that from Democrats and can be really telling on maybe what the messaging will be that we hear from all the Democrats that are there right now.
Trump won Iowa in the general in 2016 before that Obama won twice in Iowa.
The president was back recently holding rallies in Iowa.
How is his level of support in Iowa right now?
What are you hearing about President Trump?
Well among Republicans his support has stayed very strong in Iowa.
You know all of our polling from the time he was elected to where hes at right now he gets in the 80s 80 support among Republicans who really approve of the job hes doing.
So to the degree that Iowa Republicans supported him in 2016 we havent seen that wavering.
I think there are some republicans who are skeptical certainly some independents who are shopping around but among his core base weve really seen those numbers steady.
Brianne much more to come.
Thank you so much.
Good luck tracking all these candidates for the next couple days thank you.
Programming note for all of you.
A CNN exclusive.
Former Vice President Joe Biden and his wife Dr.Jill Biden will be sitting down with Chris Cuomo.
That interview airs Friday morning at six and 800 a.m.Eastern only on CNN.
Still to come for us the Supreme Court blocked a question about citizenship from the U.S.Census.
Weve talked a lot about that since that decision happened.
The administration then conceded defeat and said that it was going ahead and printing the Census forms without having the question or without fighting it anymore but President Trump just now says that the fight isnt over.
What is going on here?
Well be back.
Announcer This is Rick Blonquest.
His life is pretty comfortable.
Then he laid on a Serta and realized his life was only just sort of comfortable.
Ive been living a lie.
Announcer The Serta iComfort Hybrid Mattress.
Not just sort of comfortable Serta comfortable.
Okay Ill admit I didnt keep my place as clean as I would like cause Im way too busy.
Whos got the time to chase around dirt dust and hair?
So now I use Heavy Duty Swiffer Sweeper and Dusters.
For hard to reach places Duster makes it easy to clean.
It captures dust in one swipe.
Ha gotcha!
And Sweeper Heavy Duty cloths lock away twice as much dirt and dust.
It gets stuff deep in the grooves other tools can miss.
You know what?
My place is a lot cleaner now.
Stop cleaning start Swiffering.
He was diagnosed with a large tumor.
St.Jude gave us our son back.
This place is saving children every day.
This is a perfectly healthy baby and then he gets cancer three months later.
Announcer One in five children diagnosed with cancer in the U.S.will not survive.
You can join the battel to save lives by supporting St.Jude Childrens Research Hospital.
Without St.Jude and without the research theyve done I may not have my daughter.
Announcer Families never receive a bill from St.Jude for treatment travel housing or food because all a family should worry about is helping their child live.
Please call or go online right now and become a St.Jude partner in hope for only 19 a month.
I hope they find the cure for cancer so you can go back to being normal and be stronger.
They share their research so its saving children around the world.
Announcer When you join with your credit or debit card right now well send you this St.Jude TShirt you can wear to show your support for the children of St.Jude.
To people whove donated I would say thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I wish I could shake each and every one of your hands.
My biggest hope if I can really be honest is for a cure.
I am longing for the day.
St.Jude wont stop until no child dies from cancer.
My son is with me today because people are giving.
Youre giving a parent their child back.
Announcer Go online or call with your 19 monthly gift.
Become a St.Jude partner in hope.
Announcer Oh my this Heinz Mayonnaise is so creamy one day youll tell your grandkids about it and theyll say Grandpa just tell us about Humpty Dumpty.
And youll say He broke his pelvis or whatever.
Now back to my creamy Heinz Mayonnaise.
Heinz Mayonnaise unforgettably creamy.
Everyone loves a throwback but I havent worn that suit in awhile or those shoes.
Luckily I still have them because the clothes that once gave you confidence can help someone get their career back on track.
So throwback and donate at Mens Wearhouse today.
Boy Hows it going?
Hows what going?
The John Hughes scripts they just jumped off the page.
I remember reading Sixteen Candles in the back of my parents car just stretched out on the seat cracking up.
Music Limu Emu Music Announcer And Doug.
What do all these people have in common Limu?
Exactly nothing.
Theyre completely different people.
Thats why they make customized car insurance from Liberty Mutual.
Theyll only pay for what they need.
Yes and they could save a ton.
Youve done it again Limu.
Announcer Only pay for what you need.
Music Liberty Liberty Liberty Liberty Music Tell him were flexible.
Dont worry my Dutch is okay.
Just okay?
Mmhmm.
Tell him we need this merger.
Its happening.
Announcer Just okay is not okay especially when it comes to your network.
ATT is Americas best wireless network according to Americas biggest test.
Now with 5G evolution the first step to 5G.
More for your thing.
Thats our thing.
President Trump is refusing to accept defeat.
Denying that his administration is backing down just a day after it announced a huge about face that it is going to be moving forward with printing the Census without including the citizenship question that Trump officials had fought so hard to include.
Moments ago President Trump spoke out denying the position of his own administration.
Tweeting this in part.
We are absolutely moving forward as we must because of the importance of this answer to this question.
Aside from the fac that that seems a little bit confusing this is like the second tweet that he had about this today and he is saying that theyre gonna fight on.
So hes not giving up now?
But what can he do?
The forms are being printed according to the Commerce Department and the Supreme Court told the administration that they had to go back to the drawing board if they even wanted to consider this question again.
Joining me right now to hopefully get some answers here CNN Supreme Court reporter Ariane de Vogue.
Ariane what can the president do at this point?
Well those tweets certainly seem to leave open the possibility but he might be having to pull a rabbit out of a hat here Kate because yesterday Secretary Rosss statement was definitive and the Department of Justice told the court that the decision was final according to plaintiffs lawyers and one of the reasons is is they have big hurdles here.
They have a Census official who testified that waiting until October to print those questionnaires could jeopardize the administration of the Census and he also said that it would take a lot of resources to do so and on top of that theres two collateral legal proceedings happening in the lower courts.
In New York one judge is considering sanctions against the government for new evidence that had been recently disclosed that suggested that the decision might have been politically motivated.
And another judge in Maryland he was considering at least reopening the case more deposition more testimony.
A government official told me today that the decision was final that they just looked at these deadlines and the possibility of more injunctions and they thought it wasnt realistic.
But maybe what the president is talking about is what the Census officials have argued all along.
Keep in mind Census officials had said theres other ways to get this information.
It doesnt have to be on the question.
For instance they can get it through other data with the government and theres a survey that goes out to some households and asks the questions.
So maybe thats what the president is talking about but its a little unclear right now Kate.
A little unclear?
Its a lot unclear if you will Ariane and I think this goes into the category of I dont know if its dream world versus reality but in the very least because the Commerce Secretary says the Census papers are being printed without the question its at least maybe dont listen to what the president says just look at what he actually does and lets see if he actually tries to fight this change just to do anything about it or he just wants to tweet about it.
Thanks Ariane.
Thanks Kate.
Coming up for us Democratic presidential candidate Mayor Pete Buttigieg facing new criticism now over a police shooting in his hometown South Bend Indiana.
That new criticism now coming from his own police department.
Coming up one of the police officers whos calling for the mayor to recuse himself from the investigation.
Well be right back.
Woman Thanks Golden Corral.
Dan gets a slow smoked sirloin and my little trio are as happy as shrimp oops clams and mom got it all.
Hook line and sirloin.
The slow smoked sirloin and shrimp trio.
Golden Corral the only one for everyone.
Announcer Celebrate your independent style at Lumber Liquidators Flooring Company.
Save 36 on premium Bellawood Carriage House White Ash.
And save on Stone Look Waterproof floors.
Plus get 12 months special financing.
Lumber Liquidators beautiful floors for less.
Many sunglasses may actually make it harder to see.
And if they dont cut the road glare it can be deadly.
This is Battle Vision by Atomic Beam.
Inspired by U.S.soldiers that depend on clear vision to hit their targets.
Hi Im Hunter Ellis and I wear Battle Vision by Atomic Beam for crystal clear vision when it matters most.
Battle Vision lets you see in high definition and even blocks dangerous glare helping to keep you safe.
Unlike regular glasses these high tech HD polarized lenses help you see objects the naked eye cant detect.
Out on the water and the reflections too much?
Battle Visions polarized lenses filter out reflected light knocking down glare so you can see clearly in ultra high definition.
They help eliminate glare enhance color and provide UV protection for exceptional optical clarity.
Battle Vision can be twisted and tortured without breaking.
The lenses can withstand hard drops and knocks.
Sand rocks glass even metal are no match for Battle Vision.
Look regular glasses just make everything darker so whether youre out skiing or out on the open road cut the glare and see with Battle Vision.
From riding your motorcycle to riding your bike playing tennis or target practice battle through the glare and see with sharp clarity.
Similar sunglasses can cost hundreds.
Call or click now and get Battle Vision by Atomic Beam the ultimate tactical eyewear for just 19.99.
Order right now and well double this entire offer absolutely free.
One to wear and a spare with no additional fees.
100 free.
Youll also get a lifetime guarantee.
Battle Vision by Atomic Beam with lifetime guarantee is just 19.99 order now.
Announcer Call 18005037261 thats 18005037261.
Call or visit BuyBattlevision.com.
So call 18005037261 thats 18005037261.
Order now.
Music Ba Ba Ba Ba Bulbhead Music Hey Im Zach CEO of Roman.
Some health issues are tough to talk about.
With Roman you can go online chat with a physician and if treatment is right for you well ship FDA approved medication right to your door.
Roman lets take care of it.
Music Limu Emu Music Announcer And Doug.
Exactly Liberty Mutual customizes your car insurance so you only pay for what you need.
Nice but whats up with your partner?
Oh we just spend all day telling everyone how we customize car insurance because no two people are alike.
So Limu gets a little confused when he sees another bird that looks exactly like him yeah.
Hell figure it out.
Announcer Only pay for what you need.
Music Liberty Liberty Liberty Liberty Music I was missing teeth it was painful to chew.
I cut up my food very small and I would feel more and more limited.
I know she felt that she was holding people back.
We couldnt go where we wanted to go out to eat.
Sue I knew I had to try something and thats what originally drove me to Clear Choice.
When a patient comes in for their free consultation oftentimes theyre not happy with their dentures.
Dental implant procedures theyre more permanent.
The materials are stronger theyre made with a higher level of technology.
Sue Implants are like normal teeth.
I mean there was no pain.
Dentures could never fit right.
With the implants you dont take them out so theres no worry about them slipping when you actually can eat and smile as much as you want its wonderful.
Announcer Closed captioning brought to you by MesoBook.com.
Mesothelioma is all we do.
For over 10 years we have offered a free book on Mesothelioma.
Call 18002599374.
South Bend Indiana Mayor Pete Buttigieg is rolling out a plan today to promote the call to service.
A plan that would greatly expand voluntary public service programs in the country with a goal according to the campaign of attracting a quarter of a million Americans to serve in the near term and potentially more down the road.
Were talking about programs like AmeriCorps and the Peace Corps.
But while hes promoting the call to service the mayor is also dealing with continued questions about his leadership back home.
Racial tension flaring up in South Bend last month after a white police officer shot and killed a black man who approached the officer with a knife raised thats according to the police.
The case has fueled anger from the community and activists and police.
Just yesterday the Fraternal Order of Police in South Bend called for Buttigieg to remove himself from any involvement in that investigation.
Buttigieg addressed the controversy again yesterday.
Events compel me to acknowledge that whatever weve done has not been nearly enough.
As long as a traffic stop is a completely different experience for a black driver than it is for a white driver we know we have not done nearly enough.
We know that as long as police departments and this is true of my own do not reflect the community they serve in their makeup then we have not done enough.
I accept responsibility for the work that is left to be done.
Joining me right now is the president of the South Bend Fraternal Order of Police.
Police Sergeant Harvey Mills.
Sergeant thank you for being here.
Thank you Kate.
In your statement yesterday in calling for the mayor to pull himself off of the investigation you said that the mayor is quote More concerned about boosting his own presidential political campaign than insuring a fair investigation.
why do you think that?
Maam several of the comments hes made hes already called for the or hes already stated that this officer will be held accountable well the investigations not even complete.
This officer was justified in defending himself against a man with an eight inch hunting knife.
Its just absurd that he would make statements like that as well as calling all officers racist.
I wanted to get to that because I heard you say that.
Ive heard you say that you think that the mayor has called all officers racist and I looked back at what he said during the debate and I also looked at what he said on Monday and he was talking about systemic racism and heres how he explained it on Monday.
He said that Every mayor works in the shadows of systemic racism.
Every resident lives in the shadow of systemic racism people of color and people who are not.
So this is not an attack on our police department is specifically what the mayor said.
He says hes not calling out the South Bend Police.
He says hes calling hes saying that every city in America every mayor in America has to deal with the issue of systemic racism that does exist.
I mean surely you would agree that every city mayor police department in America should stand up to that.
No maam I really dont believe thats the issue.
The issue is not race at all especially with this incident color has absolutely nothing to do with.
Systemic is including everyone andSystemic means common though.
And systemic racism is an issue in the country.
Well the definition actually of systemic actually says the system so thats what hes called for and many of the comments hes made even the ones he just made on Monday were backpedaling from what he had mentioned before.
Let me play for you the mayor was asked to respond to your criticism yesterday and to recuse himself from the investigation.
Let me play for you his response.
Well first of all I dont make disciplinary decisions so I would expect them to understand that this is a matter for our Board of Safety which is a board of civilians that I appoint to take up and Ive been careful not to weigh in on the incident while the investigation is going on.
But one of the things I really need to continue conveying to our police officers is that it is not antipolice to be proracial justice.
On the contrary we absolutely can and absolutely must be both.
They mayor says the investigations being handled by the Board of Safety.
What would removing himself from the investigation actually do?
If he continues to talk about it especially on a presidential campaign it influences all of those members on the Board of Safety and those are handpicked by him members of the Board of Safety so they would be greatly influenced by any of his words so he should not mention this investigation at all on his presidential campaign.
Have you reached out to the mayor to discuss this?
Mayor Buttigieg has called me we have not had a dialogue but we are willing to have a dialogue.
It is needed.
He had ignored previous requests before the shooting to speak with the FOP on other issues.
Well I look forward to hearing what comes of that conversation Sergeant.
Well check back in with you.
Thank you for being here.
Thank you.
Coming up As you wish.
Remember that line?
Its one of the many classic and there are millions of them basically from this movie you can hear my bias in my voice now.
Millions of classic one liners from the movie The Princess Bride.
Cary Elwes who played Westley of course joins us to talk about the iconic 80s film and the new CNN original series The Movies.
Well be right back.
Announcer Summers not stopping or slowing down.
So take advantage of all of summers opportunities with our limited time offers while you still can.
Hurry into the Acura Summer of Performance Event going on now.
Visit your local Acura dealer to test drive the 2019 ILX.
Starting MSRP 25900.
Announcer Do your asthma symptoms ever hold you back?
About 50 of people with severe asthma have too many cells called eosinophils in their lungs.
Eosinophils are a key cause of severe asthma.
Fasenra is designed to target and remove these cells.
Fasenra is an add on injection for people 12 and up with asthma driven by eosinophils.
Fasenra is not a rescue medicine or for other eosinophilic conditions.
Fasenra is proven to help prevent severe asthma attacks improve breathing and can lower oral steroid use.
Fasenra may cause allergic reactions.
Get help right away if you have swelling of your face mouth and tongue or trouble breathing.
Dont stop your asthma treatments unless your doctor tells you to.
Tell your doctor if you have a parasitic infection or your asthma worsens.
Headache and sore throat may occur.
Havent you missed enough?
Ask an asthma specialist about Fasenra.
If you cant afford your medication AstraZenica may be able to help.
In one week a lot will happen in your life.
Wrinkles just wont.
Neutrogena Rapid Wrinkle Repairs dermproven retinol works so fast it takes only one week to reveal younger looking skin making wrinkles look so last week.
Rapid Wrinkle Repair.
Pair with new Retinol Oil for two tines the wrinkle fighting power.
Neutrogena.
Announcer Its funny what happens when people get together.
Holiday Inn Holiday Inn Express.
Were there so you can be too.
Announcer Do you have a life insurance policy you no longer need?
Now you can sell your policy even a term policy for an immediate cash payment.
Call Coventry Direct to learn more.
We thought we had planned carefully for our retirement.
But we quickly realized we needed a way to supplement our income.
Our friends sold their policy to help pay their medical bills and that got me thinking.
Maybe selling our policy could help with our retirement.
I was skeptical so I did some research and called Coventry Direct.
They explained life insurance is a valuable asset that can be sold.
We learned that we can sell all of our policy or keep part of it with no future payments.
Who knew?
We sold our policy.
Now we can relax and enjoy our retirement as we had planned.
Announcer If you have 100000 or more of life insurance you may qualify to sell your policy.
Dont cancel or let your policy lapse without finding out what its worth.
Visit CoventryDirect.com to find out if your policy qualifies.
Or call 18006510200.
Coventry Direct redefining insurance.
Announcer The 2020 race is revving up.
Live from Detroit 20 candidates two big nights.
The CNN Democratic Presidential Debates July 30th and 31st only on CNN.
Announcer Paid spokesperson.
Announcer Attention this is a legal alert for anyone who has used RoundUp Weed Killer and been diagnosed with nonHodgkins lymphoma.
If you used RoundUp Weed Killer and have been diagnosed with nonHodgkins lymphoma you may be entitled to significant compensation.
A multimillion dollar verdict was recently awarded to a man whose nonHodgkins lymphoma was linked to RoundUp Weed Killer.
If you used RoundUp Weed Killer and were diagnosed with nonHodgkins lymphoma you may be entitled to significant compensation.
Call now.
Music Limu Emu Music Announcer And Doug.
What do all these people have in common Limu?
Exactly nothing.
Theyre completely different people.
Thats why they make customized car insurance from Liberty Mutual.
Theyll only pay for what they need.
Yes and they could save a ton.
Youve done it again Limu.
Announcer Only pay for what you need.
Music Liberty Liberty Liberty Liberty Music This Sunday the all new CNN original series The Movies takes you inside some of the iconic American films through the decades.
The movies that have stirred our imagination influenced our culture shaped our lives.
One of my favorites the 1980s hit The Princess Bride.
He didnt fall!
Inconceivable!
You keep using that word.
I do not think it means what you think it means.
The Princess Bride is a blend between romance satire adventure swashbuckling.
I mean its all mixed in and its a very strange mixture hard to capture.
Westley what about the ROUSs?
Rodents of unusual size?
I dont think they exist.
You have to walk a balance you know?
Its a fine line between stupid and clever.
Beat it or Ill call the brut squad.
Im on the brute squad.
You are the brute squad.
Joining me right now is actor author screenwriter of course the man who played the part of Westley in the iconic movie The Princess Bride Cary Elwes.
Cary thank you so much for being here.
Its my joy Kate.
Thank you for having me.
I cant even tell you how much fun how excited I was when I found out I was able to finally speak with the one and only Westley of The Princess Bride.
It really shows how iconic this movie is.
Thank you so much I know Im very blessed.
I call it the gift that keeps on giving.
It sure does.
So in taking the role the meaning the legend the legacy of The Princess Bride in the context of this CNN look into the movies in this episode that were looking at I wanna read you how director Rob Reiner describes The Princess Bride.
He describes it as A blend between romance satire adventure swashbuckling.
And he says I mean its all mixed into a strange mixture thats hard to capture.
It got me thinking when this first came out in 1987 the studio didnt even know how to market it.
Is it because it was such a strange mixture that made it such a classic do you think?
I think thats part of it Kate.
It was a hard film for them to market because they couldnt figure out which genre they should focus on.
Was it a romance film was it an adventure was it a fantasy was it a comedy?
And theyd never seen a film like that before.
In fact I dont think anyone had so I mean Rob describes it perfectly when he says that he wanted us to just make sure that we didnt play the lines for laughs.
When did you first know that the film had found its audience?
That it was so much it was so it had such following.
Well you know its interesting Kate.
It didnt have a big following when it came out.
It came out the same time as Fatal Attraction which just cleared out every other movie that was competing with it.
Slightly different from Fatal Attraction.
Slightly different genre but again the poster that Fox came up with was very unusual.
It didnt really sell the movie very well and it was a very beautiful poster but nobody knew what the film was.
Was it a kids movie was it a girls movie with the title and its only through word of mouth it was really the college campuses that students that really picked up on the film.
And it wasnt until 10 years later when the film came out on VHS that it had this it literally went from being mostly dead to having a whole new life and Ill never forget I was in New York and I was ordering a hamburger or something in a restaurant and the waitress said How do you want that cooked?
And I said Medium rare and she goes As you wish.
And that was the first time Id heard it being said by anyone.
And my life changed after that.
I forever people asking me on the street to say that line.
You wrote about the experience.
You wrote a memoir in 2014 about the making of the film.
Was it as much fun to make as it was to watch.
Well thats why I wrote the book Kate.
Cause fans always come up to me and say Was it as much fun making it as it looks?
And I said it was more fun.
And I realized that that wasnt sufficient to make them feel satisfied and so I thought well I should write a book about it and share it with everyone just how much fun it really was and I think you can see it translates onto the screen.
I cant remember a single day without laughter.
Thats so good to hear as someone whos such a fan of the film.
There are so many one liners.
I was just kind of banting them about with my producer before we came to you.
Other than As you wish what are some of the other ones that always stick in your head?
What would you say your favorites are?
Oh my gosh I love Anybody want a peanut?
which is just silly.
Never get involved in a land war in Asia is pretty great.
Do not forget My name is Inigo Montoya.
You killed my father prepare to die.
I mean you know Paul Mandy says he gets asked that literally every five minutes.
Its incredible.
Wally Shawn said he cant walk down the street in New York without somebody saying Inconceivable to him.
If he drops his keys or misses a cab or is late for an airplane you know somebody says it to him.
I still try to drop Princess Bride lines on TV whenever humanly possible probably much to the eye rolls of my entire audience.
Thats hilarious thats hilarious thats great to know.
Thank you so much for being here and sharing with us.
My pleasure.
Thank you Kate.
Kate The Movies premiers Sunday night nine Eastern and Pacific only on CNN.
Coming up next the acting DHS Chief vows to take action after a report reveals a secret Facebook group from border agents.
Well be back.
Announcer This is Anne Marie Pegils.
Her Saturdays are a never ending montage of comfort.
Man Where have you been all my life?
Announcer But then Anne laid on a Serta Perfect Sleeper and realized her life was only just sorta comfortable.
Not just sorta comfortable Serta comfortable.
My insurance rates are probably gonna double.
But Dad youve got Man Allstate with accident forgiveness that guarantee your rates wont go up just because of an accident.
Smart kid.
Man Indeed.
Are you in good hands?
Reality check everyone.
People look at your jawline.
Announcer Thats right no one wants a sagging jawline or double chin.
As we get a little older the jawline starts to sag a little bit.
I need a product thats going to step in and help me.
Announcer Now you can just make them disappear.
Call now for introductory offer on brand new Genucel Jawline Treatment.
Genucel Jawline Treatment tightens defines and contours you saggy jawline in minutes.
The first time I used Genucel I was just astounded and amazed.
The immediate tightening effect that I saw in my jowl line was just amazing.
I saw results immediately after using Genucel.
I started using the Genucel jawline product and I was amazed at the results I received.
Announcer Watch Genucel Jawline Treatment tighten and define the appearance of the skin around the jawline and visibly reduce that pesky double chin area.
Look at the amazing difference.
Genucels new Jawline Treatment with dual peptide and MDL technology.
Chamonixs most advanced technology ever.
It not only tightens saggy jawline but it plumps the lipophilic layers of your skin to contour and define the jawline within minutes.
Genucel works so well that my phone didnt even recognize me.
I had to reset my face ID.
I never thought I would use any kind of product on my face and when I started using Genucel I noticed a difference almost immediately and I would recommend it to everybody.
Try it you will be amazed.
You will see an immediate effect and you will not believe the results that you see in the mirror.
Announcer Youll see a noticeable difference and look years younger in minutes.
Plus the results get better every day.
Call or click now to order Genucel brand new Jawline Treatment absolutely risk free and get a second month for half price.
Order now and youll also get the breakthrough Genucel Immediate Effects for results in minutes.
And this introductory offer is backed by our ironclad no questions asked 100 money back guarantee.
Call or click now and upgrade to free express shipping.
Go to Genucel.com now or call the number on your screen.
Thats Genucel.com Genucel.com.
Announcer When redesigning the Honda HRV LX and new sport we thought why not make them adaptable?
For big stuff and small stuff.
And why not nimble?
Tight corners kind of nimble.
And why not smart?
Not just street smart tech smart?
And why not end with a statement no one else can make?
The redesigned HRV.
The deli scene.
When we first did it Meg rightfully was a little nervous about it.
You got crew members standing around.
You okay?
Rob says Heres what I want.
He proceeds to have an orgasm that Mighty Joe Young would be jealous of.
Yes oh God Im pounding the table.
Yes yes!
And I realize cause my mother is sitting there Im having an orgasm in front of my mother.
Ill have what shes having.
Announcer The movies we love and the stories behind them starts Sunday night on CNN.
Announcer Not getting enough cash back with that credit card?
Turn to the nerds.
Looking for the perfect mortgage?
Turn to the nerds.
Oops sorry about that.
Easily compare credit cards mortgages savings accounts and more at NerdWallet.com.
No wrong move!
Old fashioned bandages get dirty.
They can let in water and germs.
Look its falling off.
New Skin is the flexible liquid bandage that seals out the bad stuff.
Theres a spray too.
Announcer New Skin rethink how you heal.
Announcer Congratulations youre a writer.
But wait you have to actually publish your book.
Discover Publishers will help you find the right publisher to get your book in bookstores.
Its completely free.
Announcer Go to FreeAuthorInfo.com or call us at 8002514119.
Announcer Men wanna feel younger stronger leaner?
You dont have to slow down after 40.
New Nugenix TotalT is our most powerful manboosting.