
Narrator And did they have an impact on peoples lives?
One of the most important bands to ever walk the Earth.
Their influence will never ever go away.
They had the perfect combination with a classic lineup.
They had the personalities that could create friction but created great music.
And they dont come along very often.
It was just a giant firework display that was just the best youve ever seen.
But it wasnt built to last.
It exploded into the sky and we all went Aah! and it was gone fabulous.
We have a death.
We need to confirm identification and then we need to perform an autopsy.
The lead singer of the rock band Nirvana Kurt Cobain has died of a gunshot wound in Seattle.
Narrator The world was stunned when Kurt Cobain the 27year old musician and selfstyled prince of grunge was found dead.
Kurt Cobain was a genius he was the powerful voice of a generation.
He was the true artist even in his pain he was genuine.
Narrator But with success came pressures that Kurt found hard to handle.
He worked so hard to become the millionaire rockstar and then once he did he didnt like it very much.
Narrator And on April 8th 1994 when Kurt Cobain was found dead at his Seattle mansion it appeared to be a clearcut case of suicide.
Kurt was the poster boy for suicide.
I said hes going to kill himself.
Narrator But despite leaving a suicide note many people refused to believe that Kurt Cobain had taken his own life.
I knew from the beginning that Kurt had been murdered.
Kurt Cobains death certificate says that he died from a single shotgun wound to the head.
But why would a man whos just achieved his lifelong goal of becoming a rockstar and starting a family kill himself?
And could foul play have been involved?
Narrator Dr.Michael Hunter is a worldrenowned forensic pathologist and the chief medical examiner in one of Americas biggest cities.
Hes performed over 4000 autopsies to investigate and reveal the cause of death.
Kurt Cobains investigative records show that he died from a shotgun wound to the head fired through the mouth.
But why would a man who has struggled to make it a musician and whod just started a family kill himself?
Im gonna use all the available evidence to investigate what happened to Kurt both mentally and physically and discover more about why he died.
Narrator April 1st 1994 230pm.
Four days before Kurt Cobains death.
Kurt is at the Exodus Recovery Center in Marina Del Rey.
Hes trying to kick the heroin addiction hes developed since becoming a rockstar.
One of the people he smoked a cigarette with outside said that Kurt just seemed like a happygolucky guy he didnt seem like he had a problem in the world.
He seemed very excited about life.
Narrator Kurt had only recently become a millionaire after a lifetime of financial hardship and had just bought himself a mansion in an exclusive area of Seattle where he lived with his wife Courtney Love and his 19month old baby Frances Bean.
In a recently discovered interview recorded a few months before his death Kurt claimed hed never been happier.
Kurts Voice Ever since Ive been married and Ive had a child within the last year everything my whole mental state and my physical state has been its just almost improved 100.
Ive never been more optimistic.
But within five days of appearing optimistic about the future Kurt Cobain was dead.
He was 27 and he joins a long list of stars who died at this age.
Including Jim Morrison Jimi Hendrix and Amy Winehouse.
Its an exclusive club and I want to find out what led Kurt to doing it.
Narrator Kurt Donald Cobain was born on February 20th 1967 in Aberdeen a small industrial town located two hours south of Seattle.
Aberdeen was a logging town where everybody was macho.
He certainly wasnt the type who was gonna go out and cut down trees.
Narrator Kurts dad was a mechanic and his mother was a waitress but his upbringing was far from easy.
The whole Cobain family was dysfunctional.
Im talking all of us.
Where you going tonight?
Oh working late.
The dysfunctional part I think was that he was living with parents who were using more alcohol than normal.
And its hard for you to be a happy little kid if youre growing up in a family thats fighting and dont really know how to raise children.
Kurts Voice I was ashamed of my parents.
I couldnt face some of my friends at school because I desperately wanted to have the classic typical family mother father I wanted that security.
Narrator Kurts parents separated when he was nine.
He found solace in music which he showed promise at from an early age.
He was a child prodigy who possessed this rare unique artistic talent.
Music saved Kurt I think it was the only way he knew to express his feelings.
And I really do think it was therapeutic for him.
Narrator Kurt started by playing the drums before moving on to guitar.
But it wasnt until he was 18 that he met Krist Novoselic and formed the band Nirvana.
It was Kurts approach that would be at the forefront of a new style of music.
How he was able to take punk music old rock and roll minimalist melodic music stick it all in a soup and come out with what he came out with I think that was pretty revolutionary.
Narrator This fusion of rock and punk became known as grunge.
It is epitomized in their iconic track Smells Like Teen Spirit.
Music With the lights out its less dangerous Music Music Here we are now entertain us Music Music I feel stupid and contagious Music Music Here we are now entertain us Music Music A mulatto Music Nirvanas album Nevermind released in 1991 went to the top of the charts around the world and established Kurt Cobain as the biggest rockstar of his generation.
In February 1992 Kurt married the former stripper and lead singer of the band Hole Courtney Love.
As soon as she married him I listened to a lot of his poetry and a lot of his music and I thought well this guys pretty profound.
I think he was popular because he was wounded he looked like a person who was down on his luck and rebellious.
Yeah so I think the kids could really relate to that.
He spoke to this lost generation and became the voice of the generation.
This is a photograph of Nirvana taken six months prior to Kurt Cobains death and Im surprised at how small Kurt is.
Bass guitarist Krist Novoselic is incredibly tall at six foot six inches.
And drummer David Grohl is six feet tall.
According to his records Kurt was five nine but looked considerably smaller.
This could be due to a disorder that he was suffering from called scoliosis and in this recently discovered interview Kurt sheds new light on what he thought caused this condition.
Kurts Voice I had scoliosis when I was in junior high and Ive been playing guitar ever since and the weight of the guitar has made my back grow in this curvature so when I stand you know everythings sideways.
Dr.Hunter Scoliosis or curvature of the spine occurs in about 3 of people and most commonly arises in the teenage years.
The curve is usually either Sshaped with two bends or Cshaped with one.
His music felt like he was always in pain that he was angstridden and thats a typical reflection of the scoliosis that he battled with.
Its a common misconception that scoliosis causes pain but that is not always the case and the cause is oftentimes unknown.
This is an xray of Kurt Cobains spine and it shows that he has Cshaped scoliosis.
This wouldnt be caused by the weight of his guitar but it could be exacerbated by it.
As there is no mention of any pain or psychological distress associated with this condition I dont believe that this is responsible for his death.
However Kurt did suffer from another longstanding medical condition that had a huge impact on him.
So I want to investigate whether it led him to take his own life.
I remember putting on a brave face to hide my symptoms of depression.
I was on an antidepressant but I still had depression symptoms.
It was tough getting through the day hiding how I really felt.
Something had to change.
So I talked to my doctor for real no more saying Oh Im fine.
This time I spoke up about living behind the mask and he told me about Rexulti.
He said that Rexulti when added to an antidepressant has been proven to help reduce symptoms of depression without giving up the progress I may have made on my antidepressant.
Narrator Rexulti is not for everyone.
Call your doctor about unusual changes in behavior worsening depression or thoughts of suicide.
Antidepressants can increase these in those 24 and younger.
Elderly dementia patients taking Rexulti have an increased risk of death or stroke.
Call your doctor if you have high fever stiff muscles and confusion to address a possible lifethreatening condition or if you have uncontrollable muscle movements as these may be permanent.
Rexulti has been shown to increase blood sugar in some people.
Other risks are increased cholesterol weight gain unusual urges or compulsive behaviors decreased white blood cells which can be serious dizziness on standing seizures trouble swallowing and impaired judgment or motor skills.
It was time to make a change.
Thats why I asked my doctor about adding Rexulti.
Narrator Feel better about facing the world.
Pay 0 for your first Rexulti prescription details at Rexulti.com.
Narrator When you carry out large three topping pizzas for 7.99 Dominos Carryout Insurance has you covered.
Cos stuff happens.
Stuff like this.
Just bring it back and well remake it for free.
Breathy Female Voice Air Wick.
Narrator You dont live in one corner fragrance shouldnt either.
Air Wicks new technology releases fragrance upwards and outwards unlike Febreze.
So now you can fill every corner with fragrance.
Upgrade to Air Wick.
Narrator Protect your pet with the number one name in flea and tick protection.
Frontline Plus trusted by vets for nearly 20 years.
I used to run low on cash right before payday and not be able to do anything.
But now that Im banking with Chime I get paid up to two days early with direct deposit.
Ive just got paid.
Start banking with Chime today at chime.com.
This is nice.
Yeah.
Yeah this is nice.
Mm how did you make the dip so rich and creamy?
Oh its a PhiladelFamily recipe.
Can I see it?
No.
Narrator Philadelphia Dips so good youll take all the credit.
I Dont Wanna Miss A Thing by Aerosmith Music I dont wanna close my eyes Music Music I dont wanna fall asleep Music Music Cos I miss you baby Music Music And I dont wanna miss a thing Music Oof!
Arm  Hammer plus Oxi Clean with Odor Blasters detergent.
It eliminates tough odors and blasts away the oof for a clean that will leave you inAh!
At a fraction of the cost in packs and liquid.
Arm  Hammer more power to you.
Narrator What makes DiGiornio crispy pan pizza different than delivery?
Music Pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan Music Narrator You bake it fresh in its own pan giving our DiGiorno pizza a crispy caramelized crust.
Music Pan pan pan Music Its not delivery its DiGiorno.
Hi Im Mike Siegel for Reelz.
Want a great movie you can watch at home?
Reelz recommends Fighting With My Family.
Dwayne Johnson helps an oddball teen with prowrestling dreams hit the big time.
Watch Fighting With My Family on demand.
And tomorrow night on Reelz dont miss Paul Walker Collision Course followed by Dale Earnhardt then Hulk Hogan Fortune Fight its all tomorrow night seven Eastern and Pacific on Reelz.
A member of the rock music scene is dead.
Police in Seattle say that Kurt Cobain the lead singer of the group Nirvana has taken his own life.
Narrator April 8th 1994.
Kurt Cobain is found dead at his house in Seattle with a gunshot wound to his head.
Expert coroner and forensic pathologist Dr.Michael Hunter is examining all the medical evidence available to try and work out if and why Kurt Cobain took his own life.
Suicides are rarely down to just one factor.
Theyre oftentimes a mixture of both physical and psychological conditions.
So I want to dig deeper to find out what precipitated his death.
Narrator March 3rd 1994 1130pm.
The Excelsior Hotel Rome.
One month before Kurt Cobains death.
Kurt has arrived in Rome to meet his wife Courtney Love.
Hes just pulled out of Nirvanas European tour blaming it on bronchitis.
Kurts relationship with Courtney is also suffering with rumors of divorce.
But despite their problems they leave their daughter Frances Bean with their nanny and spend the evening drinking champagne together.
Courtney You need to do what you need to do.
Champagnes a very unKurtlike drink.
He wasnt really a big drinker at the best of times.
Champagne is more of a rockstar drink and he wasnt into that.
Excuse me?
The couple drink into the early hours before they fall asleep.
At 625am Courtney wakes to find Kurt is no longer beside her.
Kurt?
Kurt come on wake up.
I said wake up!
When she fails to wake him she calls for help.
Hello?
Yeah I need an ambulance.
Narrator At 640am a paramedic arrives.
When he also fails to revive Kurt hes taken to the Umberto I hospital less than two miles away.
I listened to the news and they said that Courtney had found Kurt unconscious and blue which to me means thats like the color of death.
I just thought this guy is a poster boy for suicide.
I went to his grandfather Leland and I told him I was really really worried about Kurt.
I said youve got to talk to him hes going to kill himself.
Narrator It was later revealed that Kurt had left a suicide note.
He had admitted in many interviews to using heroin but had in fact overdosed on Rohypnol.
Rohypnol is a tranquilizer also known as the DateRape Drug but its also prescribed to treat heroin withdrawal.
A month later Kurt was dead leaving little clue if and why he took his own life.
But in a note found at the scene Kurt mentions and I quote his burning nauseous stomach and this is a reference to the chronic stomach pain that was so debilitating that he said it blighted his life.
So could this be the reason that he attempted suicide in Rome and finally took his life a month later?
Narrator Kurts parents marriage started to collapse when Kurt was seven.
By the time he was nine and they divorced their breakup was having a devastating effect on him.
When his parents split he started to change.
Because for any kid its not easy.
And thats sort of when the stomach pain first surfaced.
He had stomach problems from an early age and it wasnt diagnosed.
If you look at any of the sort of the seminal moments in his life that stomach pain was there.
It may very well have been that part of his condition was psychosomatic we know that being in emotional turmoil makes physical pain feel worse.
So it wouldnt be shocking to assume that his mental state did affect his physical state.
It haunted him because he couldnt function properly in everyday life.
He really felt that unless he got rid of the stomach pain basically life was over.
I can see from Kurts records that he was treated for his stomach condition and he also had three endoscopic procedures to try to determine precisely the cause of his pain.
An endoscopy is where a small camera is inserted through the mouth and then moved down the throat into the esophagus stomach and uppergastrointestinal tract.
The camera relays the images back to the screen where the doctor can see inside the body in great detail.
Narrator But despite having three endoscopic examinations the doctors could find no explanation for Kurts chronic stomach pain leading him to speculate on its causes.
Kurts Voice The reason Ive gotta endoscope they find a red irritation in my stomach its just psychosomatic thats all from anger and screaming I mean my mom had it when she was in her early 20s for a few years and it just eventually went away.
She was in the hospital all the time because of it.
Stomach pain obviously ran in the Cobain family.
But in Kurts case its because of his scoliosis.
This condition can pinch abdominal nerves causing severe stomach pain.
In 1993 when it was discovered that this was the reason for his abdominal pain a simple prescription appears to have brought the condition under control.
So I dont believe that this is responsible for his death.
Kurt was a frequent heroin user and claimed that he took it to treat his abdominal pain.
So I wanna investigate what role this drug played in his death.
Narrator Smashing Pumpkins.
Darcy and Billy were shouting at each other all the time.
In a lot of ways I mean this is like the completion of everything what was started is over.
Narrator Breaking the Band all new next on Reelz.
Narrator Saddle up the Rodeo King is now part of the Kings Collection.
Two flamegrilled patties melted American cheese stacked with bacon onion rings and barbecue sauce crafted by hand grilled by flame.
Its the Rodeo King only at Burger King.
And well see you in five.
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you what are you doing?
What are you doing what are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Music Oh its your thing Music Music Do what you wanna do Music Narrator Dogs have evolved but their nutritional needs remain instinctual.
Thats why theres Purina One True Instinct high protein for strong muscles.
A different breed of natural nutrition Purina One True Instinct also in grainfree for dog and cats.
So nice to meet you June Jane G Kay Raj and Ray!
Narrator Good job brain!
Say hello to Neuriva a new brain supplement with clinically proven ingredients that fuel five indicators of brain performance Neuriva.
Narrator Parodontax Complete Protection.
If you see traces of blood when you brush or floss which kind of toothpaste do you choose?
One for healthy gums or one for strong teeth?
You dont have to choose.
Complete Protection from Parodontax has eight designed benefits for healthy gums and strong teeth.
Take control and leave bleeding gums behind with Complete Protection from Parodontax.
Music Take your time Music Music Build a home Music Music Build a place where we all can belong Music Narrator Give Extra get Extra with new Extra Refreshers gum.
Narrator When you get right down to it freedom is the ability to go where you wanna go and do what you wanna do.
So what do you wanna do?
The 2019 Jeep Compass.
Hurry into the 4th of July Sales Event and get 500 additional bonus cash on select models visit Jeep.com.
I used to run low on cash right before payday and not be able to do anything.
See Im not doing anything.
But now that Im banking with Chime I get paid up to two days early with direct deposit.
I just got paid.
Plus Chime helps me grow may savings automatically and unlike the place I used to bank it doesnt charge me a bunch of crazy fees.
Id be crazy to go back.
Start banking with Chime today at chime.com.
Narrator Are you a sunrise cycle snacker?
An afternoon multitasker snacker?
Or a midnight movie attacker watcher snacker?
Whatever type of snacker you are Sargento Balanced Breaks are a perfectly balanced snack any time of day made with natural cheese and other delicious ingredients.
So even if youre a tarmac snacker a balanced sixpack snacker a backpack packer snacker or a lumberjack on horseback in a culdesac snacker.
Sargento Balanced Breaks are the snack for you.
Sargento.
Were real cheese people.
Narrator Breaking the Band Smashing Pumpkins next on Reelz.
Narrator Expert coroner and forensic pathologist Dr.Michael Hunter is examining all the available medical evidence about the death of the musical icon and prince of grunge Kurt Cobain.
He was found dead in his Seattle mansion with a gunshot wound to his head.
For over 20 years controversy has surrounded his death with many refusing to believe it was suicide.
Now Dr.Hunter plans to finally get to the bottom of what really killed Kurt Cobain.
When Kurt returned from Rome his heroin use increased.
He was using about 400 worth of heroin every day and thats 700 in todays prices.
This is an enormous amount of heroin to take on a daily basis and those who were close to him realized that if they didnt do something Kurt was going to die.
Narrator March 25th 1994 1115am Seattle Washington 10 days before Kurt Cobains death.
Kurt walks into his living room having just injected heroin.
Whats this?
And gets a surprise.
We need a change.
Change?
An intervention was organized by his entertainment attorney Rosemary Carroll and her husband Danny Goldberg several of his closest people were there including his best friends.
We care about you dude.
They thought Kurt was in a dark zone they thought he was doing too much heroin.
Narrator But the intervention backfires.
With Kurt accusing his friends of being hypocrites for also using drugs while telling him to stop taking them.
Yeah it is no we do drugs we play guitar we playIm not talking about a bit of party coke Im talking about life and death all right?
Im taking about a baby yes.
Tell me Im wrong.
Its pretty hard for somebody to tell a druguser that they shouldnt be using it.
Because thats where they find their peace.
And Im sure he did not want to stop using and thats one of the reasons he got angry about it.
You know Dont tell me what to do.
This isnt fun anymore.
Narrator By now Kurts excessive drug taking has not only alienated all of his friends but his marriage to Courtney is also on the rocks.
Hypocrites hypocrites hypocrites!
Every single one of you damn it!
I believe that Kurts adverse reaction to the intervention is because he didnt see himself as a drug addict.
He claims he was using heroin not for enjoyment but for medicinal reasons.
Kurts Voice Ive had this stomach condition for years and there were times especially during touring and while off the tour where I just felt like a drug addict because I was starving and I went to all these different doctors and they couldnt find out what was wrong with me and I tried everything.
Nothing worked and I just decided that if Im going to feel like a junkie every morning and be vomiting every day then I may as well you know take a substance that kills that pain.
Kurt initially got into heroin because it seemed to him to be a painkiller.
His whole teenage years he was looking for various pills and prescriptions to help get over his bad back his bad stomach.
I think the idea of taking a drug to escape pain is something that one hears very often.
And while that is kind of I guess understandable in the short term it doesnt negate the fact that its still a choice.
And the excuse of well I had no choice because I was in pain is one that again you hear a lot of addicts using.
Kurts explanation that he used heroin for pain relief may be true.
But the damage that that drug caused far outweighed any conceived benefit.
But I found something else in Kurts background that might also explain his reliance on chemical stimulants.
Narrator In 1974 aged seven Kurts manic behavior worried his parents to such an extent that he is taken to the doctors where hes diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder or ADHD and prescribed the drug Ritalin.
Here you had an artistic kid whos a little bit different to begin with and wants to rather draw than do his math and that sort of thing.
He may be acting out a bit because of his home life so they did put him on Ritalin.
Ritalin is the common name for the drug methylphenidate.
And its classified by the Drug Enforcement Administration as a schedule two drug in the same classification as say cocaine morphine and amphetamines.
Ritalin works by increasing the activity of the chemicals dopamine and noradrenaline in areas of the brain that play a part in controlling attention and behavior.
He was first prescribed Ritalin and you can see that that might have started a lifetime habit of relying on various drugs to balance his mood out.
Along with the Ritalin there came sleeping pills because he couldnt sometimes go to bed at night even as a youngster so already you can begin to see where theres a certain amount of chemical assistance going on just to get him through the day.
Narrator After his parents divorce Kurt stayed with each of them but following continual arguments both asked him to leave.
At 15 years old Kurt Cobain was homeless and his ADHD was going untreated.
Over the next four years Kurt had 10 different homes he would stay at friends houses and sleep in hallways abandoned properties or under a bridge.
As Kurt increasingly dropped out of society he had runins with the law and was arrested for vandalism.
For a decade his ADHD went untreated and his addiction to heroin reached dangerous levels.
There is no evidence to suggest that Ritalin itself leads to addiction.
But children with ADHD are two to three times more likely to have substance abuse issues later in life.
But after a lifetime of relying on drugs to treat pain and to alter his moods Kurt finally agrees to seek treatment for his addiction to heroin.
Narrator April 1st 1994 430pm.
Four days before Kurt Cobains death.
Kurt has been at the Exodus Recovery Center for 24 hours.
But despite his promise to seek help for his addiction he decides he doesnt want to continue with the treatment.
The problem with the Exodus Center is theres no physical constraint to keep the person there if he doesnt want to be there.
Kurt climbed over a wall because he missed his daughter several of his close friends he felt it was the time to restart life.
Narrator But Kurts cousin Beverly thinks he fled rehab for very different reasons.
There was a chance that he could have been really helped in that facility but he apparently did not want to stop using heroin.
It may very well have been that the prospect of coming off heroin was scary for Kurt.
You know this was one of his coping mechanisms.
This was one of the tools that helped get him through the day in his mind this was one of the tools that kept the pain away that helped the creativity that kept him stable in some ways.
So I think one of the biggest barriers to him actually seeking the help that he did may have been this fear of what it was like to live without the heroin.
I can see from the report that drug paraphernalia was found at the scene of Kurts death.
He also had a blood morphine level of 1.52 milligrams per liter and that is a tremendous amount.
So the question I have is what happened to Kurt from the time that he left rehab and when he died four days later?
Narrator April 3rd 1994 221pm the Peninsula Hotel Beverly Hills.
Two days before Kurt Cobains death.
Would you like to slow down?
Well my husbands gone missing.
Narrator Private detective Tom Grant and his assistant are summoned by Kurts wife Courtney.
She tells him Kurt has fled rehab and bought a shotgun and could be suicidal.
Really really strange recently andTom Grant was briefed to check around for Kurts whereabouts.
He was meant to go to the house in Seattle and find Kurt.
Narrator April 7th 1994 245am.
Kurt?
Six days after Kurt went missingHello?
Narrator Private investigator Tom Grant searches his Seattle mansion but doesnt find him.
Kurt?
Narrator April 8th 840am seven days after Kurts disappearance from rehab an electrician is installing security lights on the building above Kurts garage.
The private eye and the others the Seattle police had not thought to check that particular building but Gary Smith the electrician went up there and he saw Kurts body lying on the floor.
Narrator The electrician calls the police.
At 900am paramedic John Fisk arrives at the property.
When we arrived at the scene we did not know whose house it was.
We were directed by the police officer up around the garage.
I was probably the first one to arrive at the door we could see a body laying inside with a gun evident in his lap.
I dont believe we could tell whether it had just happened if he could still be alive.
I told the police officer we needed to get in there right away indicating to him that I hoped he would perform some forcible entry.
He felt that they needed to wait for a supervisor we felt we didnt have the time.
As we entered the room and approached the body it was evident that he was dead and there was nothing we could do for him.
It would appear that he had been sitting on the floor with his legs out and a shotgun in between his legs and activated the trigger perhaps with his thumb or something.
The wound was in his mouth and an exit wound to the backleft side of his head.
His face wasnt badly distorted or misshapen like we often see with a gunshot wound to the head.
We are working on a presumptive identification but until we confirm and notify the family we will not release the name.
The phone rang and it was a newspaper reporter and he told me that somebody had killed themself in Kurts garage.
And I said Well it cant be Kurt because hes in treatment.
And he said No no he left there a few days ago.
I sort of put two and two together and I went to my knees and sobbed.
Reporter Kurt Cobains body was found inside a garage apartment adjacent to his Seattle home dead of an apparently selfinflicted shotgun wound.
It came on the radio and I was really depressed.
You know it immediately makes you remember that person that tugged my arm at the show and said Hey how you doing? just this cute little guy you know?
Plus I was really enjoying his music and imagining how far he could take it.
A postmortem confirmed that Kurt Cobain died from a single shot to the head by a 20gauge Remington shotgun that he purchased only eight days before he died.
Narrator Kurts body was found to the left of the greenhouse on its back with a shotgun laying on his chest.
The barrel had been placed in his mouth and the trigger pulled discharging hundreds of small lead shot through the roof of his mouth and into his brain.
The damage was catastrophic.
The single shot fired in Kurt Cobains mouth would have killed him instantly.
And given the fact that theres a suicide note this appears to be an open and shut case.
Narrator But since the death many have refused to accept it was a suicide and believe Kurt was murdered.
They claim to have irrefutable evidence that this is the case.
So could Kurt Cobain have really been murdered?
And if so by whom?
Narrator Protect your pet with the number one name in flea and tick protection.
Frontline Plus trusted by vets for nearly 20 years.
Narrator If your dishwasher doesnt get dishes completely dry try Finish Jet Drys new stronger formula.
It dries 100 better than detergent alone even plastics.
Get dishes drier than you ever thought possible try Finish Jet Dry.
Narrator At Dominos delivery is kind of our thing.
We even made a car for it so when you get pizza stuffed cheesy bread or any of the other mix and match items delivered for just 5.99 each you can trust well do our thing to get you your things because we know a thing or two about delivery at Dominos.
I cant tell you who I am or what I witnessed but I can tell you Liberty Mutual customized my car insurance so I only pay for what I need.
No no no no no!
Narrator Only pay for what you need.
Music Liberty liberty liberty liberty.
Music These new Vitafusion Gummy Vitamins are organic?
Like farmers market organic?
Like baby goats in totes organic?
Want to know what else is organic farmers?
New organic Gummy Vitamins from Vitafusion vitamin better.
I used to run low on cash right before payday and not be able to do anything.
See Im not doing anything.
But now that Im banking with Chime I get paid up to two days early with direct deposit.
I just got paid.
Plus Chime helps me grow my savings automatically and unlike the place I used to bank it doesnt charge me a bunch of crazy fees.
Id be crazy to go back.
Narrator Start banking with Chime today at chime.com.
Narrator How did we test our Dixie Ultra plates?
With two pounds of steak in each hand.
Dixie Ultra stresstested so you can stress less at dinner.
Hey come on man!
What we said pantyhose right?
Here eat this creamy Snickers.
You could use a little smoothness.
Narrator Get smooth with the freshground nut butters in new creamy Snickers.
Dating at my age?
People say its the perfect time but where would I even begin?
Narrator Open laptop go to OurTime.com just take a look.
Its easy to take a look on OurTime.
The dating site for people over 50.
This is why we no longer have to worry about flushing too much toilet paper.
RidX contains billions of enzymes proven to break down even paper to help keep your whole septic system healthy.
Narrator RidX the number one septic brand also from RidX try new RV Odor Control.
Narrator What makes DiGiorno crispy pan pizza different than delivery?
Music Pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan Music Narrator You bake it fresh in its own pan giving our DiGiorno pizza a crispy caramelized crust.
Music Pan pan pan Music Its not delivery its DiGiorno.
Ive been saying Im fine but really Im struggling to keep up this brave face to hide my symptoms of depression.
Im taking my antidepressant like we discussed but Im still feeling depressed.
Is it just me?
Its not just you.
Two out of three people on antidepressants may still experience symptoms.
When added to an antidepressant Rexulti has been proven to help reduce symptoms of depression.
So I can stay on my current antidepressant and help build on the progress Ive made.
Hey guys.
Hey hey!
Narrator Rexulti is not for everyone.
Call your doctor about unusual changes in behavior worsening depression or thoughts of suicide.
Antidepressants can increase these in those 24 and younger.
Elderly dementia patients taking Rexulti have an increased risk of death or stroke.
Call your doctor if you have high fever stiff muscles and confusion to address a possible lifethreatening condition or if you have uncontrollable muscle movements as these may be permanent.
Rexulti has been shown to increase blood sugar in some people.
Other risks are increased cholesterol weight gain unusual urges or compulsive behaviors decreased white blood cells which can be serious dizziness on standing seizures trouble swallowing and impaired judgment or motor skills.
Now Im glad I talked with my doctor about adding Rexulti.
Narrator Feel better about facing the world.
Pay 0 for your first Rexulti prescription.
Details at Rexulti.com.
Hi Im Mike Siegel for Reelz.
Want a great movie you can watch at home?
Reelz recommends Fighting With My Family.
Dwayne Johnson helps an oddball teen with prowrestling dreams hit the big time.
Watch Fighting With My Family on demand.
And tomorrow night on Reelz dont miss Paul Walker Collision Course followed by Dale Earnhardt then Hulk Hogan Fortune Fight its all tomorrow night seven Eastern and Pacific on Reelz.
Narrator Kurt Cobains sudden death at the age of 27 sent shockwaves around the world.
The official verdict was that he died as a result of suicide from a gunshot wound to the head.
But this verdict has been challenged by those who dont believe Kurt Cobains death was a suicide.
Now Dr.Michael Hunter plans to uncover what really happened in Kurt Cobains final hours to reveal the true cause of his death.
Kurt Cobains body lay undiscovered for three days following his death.
And the autopsy revealed presence of 1.52 milligrams per liter of morphine in the blood.
In the body heroin breaks down into morphine and this is an incredibly high level.
So some have argued that it is so high it would have been impossible for Kurt to have the time to shoot himself before passing out therefore foul play must have been involved.
Narrator One person who believed that Kurt was murdered was the family member he was closest to his grandfather Leland.
He had so much dope in him that he couldnt have possibly brought that shotgun up.
And thats why I think he was murdered.
Narrator Courtney Loves estranged father also believes Kurt was killed.
I knew from the beginning maybe six months into it that Kurt had been murdered.
The little box that he had had Mexican tar heroin in it.
You cant shoot up enough Mexican tar heroin to get that much heroin in your bloodstream.
All the junkies Ive talked to said Oh no thats absolutely impossible.
Narrator More surprisingly Hank Harrison believes his daughter could be implicated in the murder.
Hes had a tumultuous relationship with Courtney since his divorce from her mother and believes she had a motive to want Kurt dead.
There was a prenup and she was only gonna get a small amount of money and Kurt had already asked for a divorce and a change in the will.
Narrator Investigative journalist Ian Halperin has been following the story for more than 20 years.
If Kurt died she would inherit the whole Cobain estate to the tune of a hundred million dollars.
And if they would have divorced she would have walked away with nothing because of the prenup.
Narrator He also believes that it would be impossible for Kurt to shoot himself with such a high level of heroin in his system and argues that there are other highly suspicious inconsistencies surrounding Kurt Cobains death.
Kurts body was found lying with the shotgun whomever killed him had gloves on.
There were no latent fingerprints found on the gun.
Dead men dont wipe their own prints.
Narrator Its also argued there are inconsistencies in the handwriting on the suicide note.
I hired the two top handwriting experts in the world to study the suicide note and to dissect it and they said it was written in two different handwritings.
The top of the note was written in Kurts handwriting and the bottom of the note the last five lines which dealt with the suicide was written in the handwriting of somebody else.
Narrator And those that believe Kurt was killed think this is how it happened.
Kurt was assassinated but he didnt die all at once.
Whoever killed him did it in stages.
First thing you do is incapacitate the person after he was knocked out with Rohypnol he got shot up with what we think to be a massive dose of fentanyl.
He died they had to give him a shotgun and shoot him to make it look like it was an absolute prima facie case of suicide.
Fentanyl is a powerful synthetic painkiller similar to morphine but 100 times more potent.
And the autopsy also revealed the presence of a diazepam like substance and this could possibly be Rohypnol.
The smoking gun is the heroin level.
70 times the lethal dose for the average person three times for the most severe junkie forensic pathological experts say theres never been one case documented in the history of humankind with so much heroin in somebodys system.
Kurt did have an exceptionally high level of heroin in his system when he died.
But I believe theres an explanation for this and the other factors people point to as proof of foul play.
After shotgun deaths there is a lot of blood loss and the medical examiner may only be able to get blood from the heart to sample.
As Kurt shot himself soon after injecting the heroin it hadnt had a chance to distribute throughout his body.
The veins drain directly into the heart so the drug is concentrated there giving a much higher reading than normal.
The lack of fingerprints can also be explained.
The police report says that they took four latent prints but they were of poor quality and couldnt be identified.
Now keep in mind the gun had lain for three days in a damp environment and this is not good for fingerprints and I believe this explains why the police were unable to find usable prints on that weapon.
Finally the differences in the handwriting on the suicide note are notable.
But I think you can look at this and see that in the latter part of the note Kurt wrote this while under the influence of drugs and a police expert looked at this and confirmed that this indeed was the handwriting of Kurt Cobain.
For these reasons I believe that Kurt Cobain did indeed kill himself and I think Ive discovered the reason why.
Narrator Smashing Pumpkins.
Darcy and Billy were shouting at each other all the time.
In a lot of ways I mean this is like the completion of everything what was started is over.
Narrator Breaking the Band all new next on Reelz.
Narrator Discover new San Pellegrino Essenza.
A twist of mediterranean flavors with the gentle bubbles of San Pellegrino.
Add a twist of flavor.
San Pellegrino Essenza tastefully Italian.
Now that were banking with Chime we get paid up to two days early with direct deposit.
Hey I just got paid.
Hi Boo thats my girlfriend.
Just kidding its Chime.
Narrator Start banking with Chime today at chime.com.
Narrator When you start with a better hotdog from Oscar MeyerThats no way to treat a dog.
You can do no wrong.
Where did you learn that?
The internet.
Yeah.
Mm!
Narrator With no artificial preservatives or added nitrates or nitrites its all for the love of hot dogs.
Okay it was an accident.
He was tickling me andStop it!
laughs Yeah whoops!
But Julie has Resolve Pet Expert its latest formula attacks odors at the source.
No odor no stain no nothing.
Whatever happens no big deal Resolve.
Its about time they gave left and right Twix their own packs.
They got about as much in common as you a mortician and me an undertaker.
Or you a janitor and me a custodian.
Or you a ghost and me a spirit!
Narrator Left and right Twix packs its time to deside.
Oof!
Arm  Hammer plus Oxi Clean with Odor Blasters detergent.
It eliminates tough odors and blasts away the oof!
For a clean that will leave you inAah!
At a fraction of the cost in packs and liquid.
Arm  Hammer more power to you.
Narrator Saddle up the Rodeo King is now part of the Kings Collection.
Two flamegrilled patties melted American cheese stacked with bacon onion rings and barbecue sauce.
Crafted by hand grilled by flame.
Its the Rodeo King only at Burger King.
Music Oh its your thing Music Music Do what you wanna do Music Music I cant tell you Music Music But Im trying to Music Music Its your thing Music Music Its your thing Music Music Do what you wanna do Music Music I cant tell you Music Narrator Protect your pet with the number one name in flea and tick protection Frontline Plus.
Trusted by vets for nearly 20 years.
Narrator Kurt Cobain died from a single shotgun wound to the head in what police said was a suicide.
Many people have disputed this conclusion using the level of morphine found in Kurts body to argue it would have been impossible for him to have time to load a gun and shoot himself.
I have shown how the length of time that Kurt Cobain went undiscovered and the location where the blood sample was taken could have had an effect on the toxicology analysis.
So I am ruling out foul play as being involved in some way with his death.
I believe that Kurt Cobain did indeed kill himself and the evidence for this rests in his family history.
We know that Kurt was diagnosed at age nine with ADHD attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
What wasnt known is that he was also likely suffering from bipolar disorder and that used to be known as manic depression.
Kurts mother told me he suffered from bipolar disorder and it made sense when you saw how he was doing kind of wild crazy things because that typifies bipolar disorder.
Its a mood disorder thats punctuated by this very polarized way of behaving.
This kind of addicted workaholic that you know wouldnt stop wanting to get things to perfection that you know wanted to find the best drummers wanted to find the best riffs wanted to make the most amazing music.
And then this other side which was a depressive that just felt never quite good enough.
Its a very difficult condition to live with and one that needs both proper medication and proper psychological support.
Ive not been able to find any evidence that Kurt Cobain was ever treated for bipolar disorder but I have discovered that depression and suicide ran in the Cobain family.
I have lost two uncles and then Kurt.
They were the same age when they killed themselves because I remember Uncle Leland saying Oh my gosh you know in a few years Ill be that age.
And he was worried that he would kill himself then.
Ive also discovered that the chronic stomach pain that Kurt thought he had been cured of had returned in the weeks prior to his death.
I think the reason that Kurt killed himself can be summed up in one word pain.
He was in such pain both emotional psychological and physical that he just could not stand it anymore.
Hed rather be dead than alive.
Its one of those terrible ironies of his life that he worked so hard to become something and then once he did he didnt like it very much.
I sincerely believe that Kurt committed suicide he clearly was not happy running away hiding upping his usage not trusting anyone.
Kurt did appear happy in the months before he died.
Kurts Voice Ever since Ive been married and Ive had a child Ive never been more optimistic.
Dr.Hunter But I think this was a facade.
When you see that kind of happiness in somebody that you know has been suicidal watch out because that usually means that they have made the decision to kill themselves and now theyre feeling relief.
Having considered all of the medical evidence I believe suicide is the best explanation for Kurt Cobains death and this I think is how it happened.
Narrator April 5th 1994 600am the day of Kurt Cobains death.
Kurt removes the 20gauge shotgun from its hiding place in his closet and heads to the room above his garage.
Once there he finishes his suicide note which he leaves in a planting tray and spears with the red ballpoint pen its written in.
He unzips the bag holding his shotgun he takes three cartridges out of a box and loads the gun.
He smokes five cigarettes as he sits on the floor before preparing his final hit of heroin.
It contains so much of the drug that once injected it would kill him within a minute.
After injecting the heroin Kurt places the gun barrel in his mouth and pulls the trigger.
He dies instantly.
I believe that Kurt Cobain killed himself whilst suffering from the untreated effects of his mental illness bipolar disorder.
His depressed mental state was further exacerbated by the physical pain of his stomach condition and the decline in his mental and physical state from his excessive use of heroin.
Narrator Kurts death left a generation in mourning but his image untarnished by age and time.
Hed be turning 50 and you can speculate on what it was hed be doing had he lived but doing the nostalgia tour with Nirvana slightly fatter and balder playing all their old hits I dont think he would have gone for that.