[Announcer] This is BBC World News America.
Funding of this presentation is made possible by the Freeman Foundation, and Kovler Foundation, pursuing solutions for America's neglected needs.
Wow. That is unbelievable.
[Music] Trying so hard not to let it show [Music] 
I'm flying.
[Music] Swear I can touch the sky [Music] [Announcer] And now, BBC World News.
This is BBC World News America.
Reporting from Washington, I'm Laura Trevelyan.
Count down to the State of the Union Address.
President Trump will call for unity in front of a deeply divided Congress.
[Nick] Mr. Neeson, are you sorry for what you said?
[Laura] Actor Liam Neeson says he's no racist after his desire for revenge causes an uproar.
Photograph was the very first picture I ever took in war.
Plus Sir Don McCullin's camera captured the human cost of battle.
We'll hear how he turned his lens on the home front too.
Welcome to our viewers on public television here in the US and around the globe.
Washington is poised for tonight's State of the Union Address by President Trump.
Aides say he'll call for bipartisan cooperation and unity.
Mr. Trump will deliver his primetime address to a divided Congress, one that's still smarting after a 35-day partial government shutdown over the president's call for a border wall with Mexico.
For more on what we can expect tonight, the BBC's Katty Kay joined me earlier.
White House aides say that this address is going to be all about committee, but given just how divided the two sides are, can anything really be achieved, do you think?
Look, I think what the president wants to do tonight is to reach out to voters in the middle with some sense of unity and bipartisanship.
We'll hear that tone.
It's being written into his speech at the moment, and then also appeal to his base with a tougher line on immigration and that border wall.
President Trump knows that he's not going to get a television audience this big again until the 2020 reelection campaign is well under way, so he's got that political timetable in mind.
Juggling those two things is going to be tricky in terms of tone, and we all know, Laura, that what is said in a speech tonight on Capitol Hill can very quickly be overturned with just one Tweet tomorrow morning.
It can indeed.
Katty, is this really laying out the battle lines for the 2020 election?
Yeah, I think it is.
There are areas where the president, and the Republicans, and the Democrats do agree.
They could do a big deal on infrastructure, and I suspect we'll hear the president reach out to Democrats on an issue like that.
The trouble is, there is so little trust on the Democratic side of this president that, are they willing to give him some kind of a deal that he can then take home and say, you see, look, I've managed to achieve something?
The 2020 reelection campaign, in a sense, is starting right now.
We've already had those Democratic candidates who have launched their bids.
They're going to be sitting right in front of the president.
Tonight is his big audience, also, to talk about what he's achieved, and what he can still achieve, and of course, the spectacle of all of this crowned by Nancy Pelosi, Laura, sitting right behind him, the Democrat who has just given him a very tough time, a tough run for his money, over that government shutdown.
You're right, the 2020 reelection campaign is all over this State of the Union Address.
Katty, what will you be watching for when you see Nancy Pelosi there, the symbol of divided government, watching over the president?
Yeah, I mean, it's almost a kind of visual reminder in every shot because, in these States of the Unions, you have the president, and then you have the two people, Mike Pence and Nancy Pelosi, sitting behind him, and they're in almost every shot.
It's almost a visual reminder for people of this new tougher political landscape that President Trump now faces.
I'd be surprised if she gives him much more than a cursory round of applause at the beginning.
The rest of the time, expect her to sit pretty stone-faced while Vice President Mike Pence sits there cheering.
That's the kind of prospect that always comes up in States of the Unions.
Remember, it's not just Nancy Pelosi sitting behind him.
It's all those newly-elected members of the Democratic House of Representatives sitting in front of him.
This is a very different State of the Union audience in that chamber than it was for him a year ago.
Katty Kay, thank you.
Well, the State of the Union Address is a marquee event, a speech which is rewritten multiple times.
The White House says the president has been going through tonight's pages with his Sharpie, reworking the material.
It's all about striking the right tone while leaving an impression for the ages.
Here are some examples from the past.
Don't let anyone tell you that America's best days are behind her,
that the American spirit has been vanquished.
The era of big government is over.
Terrorist allies constitute an axis of evil arming to threaten the peace of the world.
Well, for more on the significance of these major addresses and the work that goes into them, I spoke earlier with Stephen Krupin, a former speechwriter for President Obama.
State of the Union Address is a highly choreographed one.
Just how high are the expectations of this speech tonight?
The White House would like to set out an expectation that this is going to be, as you and Katty mentioned, a speech about unity, which I think is just about as credible as much else coming out of the Trump White House.
The State of the Union Address happens in the House chamber.
It doesn't happen in a vacuum, and we can't listen to what he says tonight without regard for what he said yesterday and what he'll say tomorrow.
If the president continues to stigmatize immigrants, continues to spurn allies, how is that unity?
If the White House has to go to such extremes to make that case that this is a speech about unity, if he does that one day a year using sentences that we know don't sound the way that President Trump, as we all know, sounds, it kind of gives lie to the whole charade.
But as a former speechwriter, just how much work would go into a speech like this?
An enormous amount of work.
It starts months before the speech itself.
It is a speech where not only the White House is focused on it, the communications, the policy, the research parts of the White House, but also all the cabinet agencies.
Everyone wants their line in that precious real estate because, when the president of the United States says it to the country and the world, it elevates their issue.
[Laura] Also, typically, these speeches have a big, historical sweep, don't they?
Because the tradition began with George Washington himself.
[Stephen] It is, it is historical, and the history of it is all about accountability.
It is not the president speaking to the country and the world from the Oval Office.
It is the president coming to the people's house at the invitation of the people's house, which underscores that our democracy is about checks and balances, and that the president, whether he likes it or not, needs the Congress to pass his agenda.
Although we hear from the president, especially this one, in a variety of ways, on Twitter, we have impromptu press conferences, but as an occasion, do you feel that the State of the Union retains its power?
I think it retains its power in a general sense because it is the president speaking to all of the government assembled, as well as the American people beyond and the world, who are listening to what he has to say.
In this particular case, I think it does him a disservice.
I think the State of the Union Address is perhaps President Trump's most unnatural venue.
It is, at its best, an opportunity to call for unity, which President Trump does not do, he speaks to his base, he is divisive, is an opportunity to speak the truth, which we know President Trump doesn't do.
It's an opportunity for careful rhetoric, and we know that President Trump is careless at best with his rhetoric.
We'll see how he does tonight, but President Ronald Reagan started this tradition of mentioning in his speech people that he had brought as guests.
That's really become quite a bit of stagecraft, hasn't it?
It's absolutely stagecraft.
It's an important way to show that the policy that is spoken about in the State of the Union Address actually affects real people, real Americans, that it's not just abstract political theory.
What President Obama tried to do, for example, was talk about people who represented the struggles, or the challenges, or the aspirations that the American people were going through.
In 2015, there was a family named the Erlers from Minnesota whose story of perseverance was a nice metaphor for the way the country was coming out of the Great Recession.
What was different about the way President Obama used these guests is, it spoke to the country's hopes.
President Trump, as we'll see tonight, just like last year, often uses guests in an exploitative way to speak to our basest fears.
[Laura] Stephen Krupin, we'll see what the speech has in store for us tonight.
Thank you for joining us.
Thank you, good to be here.
Now, the actor Liam Neeson says he's no racist after admitting he once walked the streets looking for a black man to kill.
The Hollywood star describes a primal urge for revenge after a friend was raped by someone she said was black. Neeson insists that race had nothing to do with his actions.
The BBC's Nick Bryant has more from New York.
[Nick] After his explosive comments about rape, revenge, and race- Mr.Neeson, are you sorry for what you said?
Liam Neeson arrived at this Manhattan television studio not to make an apology, but to offer an explanation.
I'm not racist.
[Nick] He admitted to setting out to kill an innocent black man nearly 40 years ago after someone close to him was allegedly raped by a black man.
Would you have had the same reaction if your friend had said it was a white man?