
Woman Pressure.
I cried my first time.
Narrator Get live TV only 15 bucks your fist month at slingtv.com.
Excuse me.
Yeah.
Uh yeah.
Sorry.
You know how were stuck in a tiny apartment?
Yeah cause our credits bad.
Well I heard credit karma could show us ways to improve it for free.
Could that help us get a house?
Yes.
Nice.
Ill be in my office.
Yeah Ill be in mine.
Narrator Take the first step to better credit download the free credit karma app now.
Narrator These women love the scents in this groundbreaking art exhibit.
It smells amazing.
Luxurious.
Narrator But what are they smelling?
Woman At Exhibit Wait its Suave?
Woman With Glasses  Its body wash.No its not.
Woman At Exhibit I cant believe this is Suave.
Can I take this home laughing?
Narrator Suave Body Wash fragrances as beautiful as Bath  Body Works.
Narrator Dave  Busters introduces all you can play for 8.
Unlimited video games for 8 bucks more.
Sunday through Thursday when you buy the new Craveable Combos.
Unlimited video games for 8 bucks with our Craveable Combos.
Only at Dave  Busters more fun.
childs voice Lets talk about Haribo Goldbears.
childs voice The red is more gooder to me cause it tastes like berries.
childs voice Theyre really squishy.
childs voice And then mine gonna flied into my mouth.
Music Kids and grownups love it so Music Music The happy world of Haribo Music Max All right were back.
Nev So yesterday we did some research.
We dont know what to make of this.
Were a little befuddled.
Okay so heres where we started.
So the first thing we found we searched his number bingo.
Look what we got.
Number for five years comes back to a Matt This never happens.
Hes in Florida where he says he lives.
So this was kind of aGood.
Surprise.
And he also has a Twitter.
Then theres some pictures back from 2012 that look like theyre of him.
This would have been the Matt that you sort of started talking to.
Then we looked up his URL.
We actually got a bunch of hits.
The first one was this.
A PlentyOfFish account thats up I dont know how or when it was last active.
For a guy who lives in Kissimmee.
21 years old.
This is.
Six foot two.
Theres also this photo.
It could be him.
Im not sure if I should even make a comment.
Im not sure what to say.
Whats are you upset?
I cant tell.
Do you mind if I take a second?
Sure.
Yeah.
Take as much time as you need.
Nev You all right?
Mmmhmm.
Nev What was uh?
I just got really warm and just overwhelmed.
Nev But like good excited warm overwhelmed?
Um yeah.
Nev Well thats good.
Like this turned out to go better than I thought.
So Im completely speechless.
I hope that its him.
Nev Take as much time as you need.
I mean.
Thats okay.
Nev But yeah I mean it is exciting.
Its cool.
I mean the guy seems legit.
Max Good?
Mmhmm.
Max Regroup?
Yeah.
Shes got like a little overwhelmed because I think she figured that this was gonna end up being like a huge embarrassing disaster.
Anyway.
Looks like this guy is in Florida.
Hes the right age.
Just to be sure we went through his Facebook posts and we saw that there was one girl who seemed to be like a good friend of his.
So we reached out this girl Crystal.
Crystal does know him.
She confirmed everything that we assumed we knew about him.
She also said she thought he had a girlfriend right now.
As far as you know is he currently dating someone?
She wasnt sure.
But she did say she thought he had a girlfriend right now.
But we talked to Nick his brother.
Nick said that Matt is not in a relationship right now.
Nev I mean at this point we dont know what to believe.
Music Who am I Music Music Who am I to me Music Music If all I see Music Music All see is you Music Music What am I Music Music What am I to do Music Wait whats wrong?
Music If you love me too Music You okay?
If hes real why is he hiding?
Music Or is it you Music Music We go big we go bold Music Music Go bold Music Woohoo!
Narrator Critics everywhere are in love with SpiderMan Far From Home.
Its a Giant sized megamovie.
Youre a superhero.
Its kind of obvious.
Narrator SpiderMan is flying higher than ever.
This has always been the plan.
Narrator Holland and Zendaya are charming together.
She knows I told her.
He didnt tell me I figured it out.
Narrator Its the best superhero movie of the year including Endgame.
Who else did you tell?
Narrator SpiderMan Far From Home.
That was great!
Ah that was so cool I was so nervous.
Narrator Now playing.
Rated PG13.
Narrator Red Bull gives you wings.
Im Blue and Im an ironworker.
Work is really rewarding and brutal on my skin.
But knowing how I earned all that dirt is pretty empowering.
When I get home the first thing I have to do is use the Dove Beauty Bar to get rid of all the junk.
It helps me retain my natural beauty by making it soft and nourished and clean.
And then on the weekend I get to dress up.
As a woman ironworker I feel like I could do anything.
I could conquer the world.
I feel both strong and beautiful at the same time.
Narrator Dove cleans and cares beautifully.
This is what coverage looks like.
This is what coverage feels like.
But you dont have insurance coverage you let it lapse.
Dont worry weve got coverage for you.
Oh you guys are talking about car insurance.
Go to The General and save some time!
Kids Im a big kid now!
Music Im a big kid now Music Music Went from baby bottles Music Music To drinkin from sippy cups Music Music Went from wearin diapers Music Music To rockin these rad pullups Music Music Were 50 million strong Music Music So put on your pullups Music Music And help us sing this song Music Narrator New size fits smaller trainers.
Narrator Dave  Busters introduces all you can play for 8.
Unlimited video games for 8 bucks more.
Sunday through Thursday when you buy the new Craveable Combos.
Unlimited video games for 8 bucks with our Craveable Combos.
Only at Dave  Busters.
More fun.
Narrator The Schick Hydro Silk TrimStyle.
The tool youve been waiting for.
The only waterproof bikini trimmer and hydrating razor in one.
Schick Hydro Silk TrimStyle.
Free your skin.
Music They say were too grown for fun Music Music We say playfuls never done Music Music Dont fight the feelin Music Music Just let it flow Music Music Stackin the bracket Music Music Dont let it go Music Music Ive got a secret Music Music The world should know Music Music Lets stay playful Oreo Music Narrator When you carryout large threetopping pizzas for 7.99 Dominoes carryout insurance has you covered.
Cause stuff happens.
Stuff like this.
Ah!
Narrator Just bring it back and well remake it for free.
Nev Heres what we know.
Matt is a goodlooking young guy from Florida who did live in California.
The only concern we have now is why havent you videochatted.
Why hasnt he sent you Snapchats of his face?
If he is real whats he not telling you?
Whatre we missing?
Just kinda wanna get off the floor laughs.
Max Sure.
So here was are.
Weve got some questions that were trying to answer.
If you definitely wanna meet him then we have to decide that right now and figure out what that means and how we wanna make that happen.
I definitely wanna meet him but Im terrified of heights and Im terrified of planes so unless theres a different way to get there I cant.
Max We can work with that.
Why dont we see if hell come here.
Im gonna call this guy.
Okay.
Ooh I gotta show her this photo I forgot.
I forgot after we hung up with Crystal she texted us a picture of them together.
Like a recent photo.
So that there he is.
Max What do you think of him?
Um well hes not ugly.
I think hes stunning to be honest.
Just very handsome.
laughs Oh my god!
All right Im gonna go call him.
How do you feel?
Nervous.
Matt Hello?
Yo is this Matt?
Matt Yes.
Hey how you doing?
My name is Nev from that show Catfish.
I actually spoke to your brother earlier.
Were out here in Sacramento with Kim and we were wondering if you wanted to meet up with her.
Matt But why would she call the show?
She didnt actually write in to us her friend Joe wrote in and was concerned that maybe you werent who you said you were.
I think after five years itd be great for both of you just to meet up and see what happens and kind of move forward.
Matt But its not that easy.
I just got a lot going on.
My brother got out of surgery.
I just started a new job.
You know theres a lot theres a lot of factors in life.
Yeah I just dont get it.
Why isnt he sending pictures?
Why is he chickening out from meeting you?
Or lying about it?
Something is up.
We could come to you but I dont know if you know this but Kim is sort of very afraid of flying.
If it was possible would you come to her?
Matt Ill meet her.
I do wanna see her.
Okay great this is good were making progress.
Matt All right.
Ill see you soon.
Matt Okay.
All right later.
Matt Bye.
All right so I talked to him.
He does wanna meet you.
I think were gonna try and get him on a plane tonight so that you can meet up wit him first thing in the morning.
Wow.
Are you gonna be okay tonight?
Yeah.
Max Youre gonna meet him tomorrow.
Nev Hopefully well get you some answers.
Okay.
All right.
Hes flying all the way out here so just make sure youre ready to talk to him.
Thank you.
She is a nervous nelly.
I mean now Im beginning to wonder if it was him avoiding meeting her Max Right!
or if shes just avoiding him and he probably picked up on that like.
Max Yeah she couldve been the one that bailed every time.
Narrator Every baby is born with a unique microbiome.
A living layer that protects their skin.
Nourish it with the Baby Dove Range.
Made with prebiotic moisture and 100 skinnatural nutrients to support baby skins natural health.
Discover Baby Dove prebiotic moisture.
Its about time they gave left and right Twix their own packs.
They got about as much in common as you a mortician and me an undertaker.
Or you a janitor and me a custodian.
Or you a ghost and me a spirit.
Narrator Left and right Twix packs its time to decide.
When plan A doesnt work out I get Plan B OneStep.
It helps prevent pregnancy by delaying ovulation.
And it wont hurt my chances of getting pregnant in the future.
You can get it right off the shelf.
Over prepared?
Maybe.
Confident?
Definitely.
All Ive got this.
Narrator The Schick Hydro Silk TrimStyle.
The tool youve been waiting for.
The only waterproof bikini trimmer and hydrating razor in one.
Schick Hydro Silk TrimStyle.
Free your skin.
Max no no no no.
Max.
Max.
Max.
Narrator Dogs dont know whats good for them luckily you do.
Greenies Dental Treats.
Narrator Attention cancer victims who used the weed killer Roundup.
A federal jury unanimously found that Monsantos popular weed killer Roundup was a substantial factor in causing cancer.
You may be entitled to substantial compensation.
If you or someone you love used Roundup and were diagnosed with cancer call the number on your screen now.
Dont wait there may be time deadlines to file a claim.
Call 8008301829.
Thats 8008301829.
Narrator Meet Michelle.
Michelle was a smile hider until she straightened her teeth with Smile Direct Club.
Michelle is a fulltime mom and a fulltime CEO.
And the thought of adult braces was worse than having a smile she didnt love.
So she straightened her teeth discretely by joining the Club.
The confidence wherever you go grinning for generations club.
Its a club with more than half a million satisfied grinners and a network of more than 200 licensed doctors.
So stop hiding your smile and join the Club at Smile SmileDirectClub.com Narrator Large threetopping pizzas for 7.99?
Dominoes carryout insurance has you covered.
Cause stuff happens.
Stuff like this.
Ah!
Narrator Just bring it back and well remake it for free.
Music We go big Music Music We go bold Music Music Go bold Music Ah.
Mmmm.
Would you care for another in foreign language darling?
Yes my love laughs.
Narrator Red Bull gives you wings.
Music Take your time Music Music Build a home Music Music Build a place where we all can belong Music Narrator Give Extra get Extra with new extra refreshers gum.
Narrator Whether you dry curl or straighten you can visibly repair seven types of damage with Tresemmes repair and protect seven with biotin.
Tresemme puts in the work so you can work it.
Woman Ugh another delay.
But you keep bouncing like Im a bouncy castle.
Oh yeah five stops zero leaks were crushing this commute.
Narrator Huggies Little Movers our best fitting diaper that fits like a hug.
Hug on.
Hi!
Nev Whats up?
Laura Dinner time.
Hey.
My moms over.
Nev Hey guys!
Hi daddy.
Hi Cle Cle.
Look how good she is with the spoon.
I know.
Nev So cute.
Shes having quinoa and vegetables and beans.
Nev Wow I love it.
We got up here we met this girl Kim.
Shes been talkin to this guy Matt.
We did the investigation and from everything we found it looks like hes him that hes actually the guy in the pictures.
Great.
Somethings not adding up.
Maybe theyre both sort of awkward and thats why they havent figured it out and met up yet but it feels like were still not getting the full story.
I hope its a happy ending I always hope for happy endings.
It would be nice to get one.
Laura Yeah.
Oh no.
I think Cleos done with her dinner.
All right go finish dinner.
I love you and Ill talk to you tomorrow.
Okay love you babe.
Bye guys.
Bye!
Kim Hello?
Nev Kim!
Matt is landing soon so were gonna head over to you and well be ready to go.
Kim All right guys I see you guys when you get here.
Nev Great.
Kim All right bye guys.
Both Bye.
Max Whos that?
Joe Hey.
Both Joe!
Howre you guys doing?
Nev We were hoping wed get a chance to meet you.
Joe Kim actually called me last night and she was like kind of panicked.
And she just like let me know that there were some things that she didnt tell you guys.
Do you know what it is?
Um yeah but its like it needs to come from her cause its not really my place to say.
Hey.
Hey.
Kim Hey.
Nev Whos this?
Its uh our kid.
What?
Yeah.
Max Wait you guys have a kid?
Yeah.
I wasnt sure if Kim wanted to bring her into the situation.
She didnt want to make Norma known at any point.
Max Norma?
Yes this is Norma.
Okay.
Max Pieces of the puzzle are coming together.
Nev Hi!
After we moved in she got pregnant and then we just didnt work out.
She hasnt actuallyHe doesnt know that Matt doesnt know you have a kid.
Max He doesnt know that.
Okay.
She did not let Matt know because he told her some things that like made her not want to bring her up.
Nev What?
Like he doesnt like kids or?
Doesnt wanna have kids?
Yes exactly that.
Nev Right.
Doesnt like kids doesnt wanna have kids.
Mmmhmm.
What do you then think of this guy who you know could be a potential step father to your kid who doesnt like kids and Nev Lives in Florida.
Max And doesnt send her pictures.
You dont want her movin to Florida.
Oh no.
No no no no.
Max Right.
But you know that thats what theyve been talking about right?
Just add that to the list.
This guy wont send you a picture doesnt like kids doesnt wanna have kids.
This is turning into more and more of a bad idea Kim.
Daddys gotta get you baby.
Im just here to pick her up.
Yall doing your thing.
I love you.
Give kisses.
Give knuckles to give em knuckles.
Hey boo boo boo boo boo boo boo.
Joe It was great to meet you guys.
Yeah you too man.
Later Joe.
Max Oh wow okay.
Youre in trouble Kim.
Nev So Matt doesnt obviously know you had a kid.
When I was pregnant and talking to him I didnt get big until the very end and at one point I was actually supposed to come out to see him but I went into labor so I bailed.
Of course you bailed.
Nev Cause he was here when you were pregnant.
Yeah.
You know he doesnt care for kids.
Do you think he could be a good father to Norma?
I hope so.
I mean Ive never met him so I dont know exactly how he is in person.
You really love this guy?
You really think Matt is like a good fit for you?
Um I believe so.
All right so its all out there.
Matts plane should have landed.
Lets meet at Discovery Park.
Weve got a date!
Im ready.
Are you?
I think so.
Okay Mr.Matt.
Guys how am I supposed to tell him about my child?
You just gotta do it.
Lets let him tell you first.
Hes gotta few things to answer.
We wanna know why he never sent a picture of himself.
Kim Mhm.
Why he didnt make more of an effort to see you when he was in Sacramento.
Right?
Kim Mhm.
We wanna know how he really feels about you.
I mean if hes the person he says he is why not just tell me who you are?
Max Maybe hes not the guy in the pictures.
The whole thing to me just doesnt make any sense.
All right Discovery Park here it is.
Right here.
What I expected.
Max All right fingers crossed.
Oh.
Max Uh oh yeah.
I see someone.
That could be him.
Im ready.
Its time.
Nev Face your fears.
Lets do this.
Is this him?
Max Its gotta be.
Who else would be here hiding in the shade of a tree.
Oh my goodness.
Oh beep.
Narrator Tonight theyre getting hooked.
This is just wild.
Narrator Are you?
Lets beep go!
Narrator Are You the One?
Come One Come All.
New episode tonight at 9 on MTV.
Announcer Tuesdays this summer Aubreys a double platinum selling artist.
Im the mother beep Beyonce of this beep.
Announcer From Making the Band in Danity Kane.
If one person in a relationship thinks its over.
Announcer But will her ex.
Its over.
Announcer Get in the way of her next.
Thank you goodnight.
Announcer Its Tuesday beaches when Ex on the Beach returns on a new night Tuesdays starting July 16 on MTV.
Boring cold pizza in a box?
Hiyah!
How bout unlimited pizza on the buffet?
Starting at 5.99.
Cicis unlimited pizza buffet its unbeatable its unbelievable its unlimited.
Narrator See this?
It powers Olia.
For hair color this stunning and healthy looking every time you color.
Powered by 60 oils Olia propels color deep into hair and without ammonia.
Its in the oils Olia brilliant color visibly healthier hair.
By Garnier naturally.
Not running.
Why am I not running?
Because the DQ Summer Blizzard Menu is only here for a few more weeks with seven great flavors like New Sourpatch Kids and Brownie Dough.
Not running.
Narrator DQ happy tastes good.
Narrator Nutro.
NonGMO ingredients no artificial flavors.
All the energy dogs need and nothing they dont.
Nutro feed clean.
Not many guys get that opportunity.
Music Jump if they want it Music Music Wooohoo Music Music They can come and get it Music Music Yeah Music Whew what the what?
Okay wipe pretty please do your thing.
Nice.
Nailed it!
Narrator Huggies Natural Care Wipes gentle like a hug hug on.
Announcer The hottest sneakers impossible to get until now.
Every pair every grail always available always authentic never sold out.
Millions know now you do too.
StockX now you know.
Visit stockx.com today.
Music Trojan Man.
Music Hey Trojan Man.
Ive been hookin up with this girl and Im kinda nervous to ask if shes my girlfriend.
Its okay to be adrift in the sea of emotional vulnerability.
Just dont forget your life jacket.
Explore with confidence.
Narrator Introducing a boost to your workout water.
Electrolytes meet vitamins B C and E.With no artificial sweeteners this is the new Propel Vitamin Boost.
Narrator The Schick Hydro Silk TrimSytle the tool youve been waiting for.
The only waterproof bikini trimmer and hydrating razor in one.
The Schick Hydro Silk TrimStyle.
Free your skin.
Nev Is this him?
Who else would be here hiding in the shade of a tree?
Nev Youre Matt?
Yep.
Oh my goodness.
Oh beep Max.
Nev Whats up?
Nev.
Thanks for coming out.
So I do have a few questions.
Just out of curiosity you got a girlfriend?
No.
Why no pictures of you?
Why wont you send me any?
I dont like being in front of the camera.
Okay but for five years youve been talkin to this girl how do you not send her a little video?
Just so she knows its you or something.
You are who said you were you werent lying about any of that.
So then whats the holdup?
Im a secretive person for the most part.
I think the bigger question is do you care about her?
I do.
In what way?
Like it would suck if something happened to her.
Like thats how I would feel.
Thats one way to answer the question.
I mean I care about you.
I mean I was there when your mom died.
You were there when my grandfather died.
I mean thats kind of hard to like brush off.
Do you guys mind if I take a second?
No come back here.
Yeah stay here.
Kim Cant.
Yeah you can do it.
The hysterics are nice.
Max Kim!
Matt This is.
Max Kim.
Matt Interesting.
Its him.
I know its.
Max Hes good looking.
I know.
Hes skinny though.
I know.
I can fatten him up.
Max That was quick.
Is it weird seeing her?
Its awkward under these circumstances.
Sure.
But like have you been?
Just let them be weird with each other.
Here it is we made it happen now you guys lets see what happens.
Matt Anything else you gotta ask?
So do you still not like children?
I mean its iffy.
Why?
Well I havent really been exactly honest.
I actually have an almost twoyearold daughter.
Huh?
Kim I have a child.
And you decided now to tell me?
Yes.
I mean like I get that I was lying but can you really blame me?
Like you told me to begin with you dont like children.
Which leads me to my next question.
Would you like to be her godfather?
Hold up.
Ive never even met her.
Im just now finding out about her.
A child.
Okay now my anxietys through the roof.
She didnt meet you when you came to visit because?
I bailed because I went into labor.
Kim why dont you tell Matt how you feel about him.
Do I have to do it with all of you guys?
Matt Theres a bench over there if you wanna sit.
Yeah you guys go sit go talk.
Okay.
The past five years I cant say I didnt fall in love with you because I did.
I guess I just have huge feelings for you.
Can you like not just stare at me?
Im at a complete loss for words.
Okay so like this is really like pointless.
Im walkin back that way.
Okay.
Here come over here.
I just wanna see the water.
Can we just talk?
Sure yeah.
Lets take.
Give us a minute.
Get out here.
Give us a minute.
Can I go for a run?
Yeah do it.
Thanks.
Dont fall in the river.
Okay so do you want kind of a romantic thing with Kim or not?
That I cant really decide right now because Im still trying to process everything thats going on.
I would have to sleep on the whole thing and maybe get a clear head out of it.
Thats fine.
We can meet up tomorrow but I think by the time you leave she deserves some sort of clear answer from you on where you stand.
Kim.
I think maybe thats enough for today.
All right so well take Kim back to the car.
Kim Nice meeting you.
Same.
Music You ran me on you let me down.
Music Music Cast your spell and spell it out Music From his like behavior do you feel that he is into it?
I got an uneasy feeling.
Well youre both awkward.
These things take a second.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Music Dont give it up Music Music Dont give it up Music Music So easy easy Music Man Wed love some help with laundry spray and scrub anything with a stain.
Wash the really dirty clothes separately.
Narrator New Tide Pods with upgraded four in one technology that makes you fool proof clean in one step.
Oh ya did the laundry.
Narrator Its got to be Tide.
Music We go big Music Music We go bold Music Music We go bold Music Three words warm strawberry jam.
Three more words perfect as is.
Frozen bites just like ice cream.
Its science.
Narrator Every baby is born with a unique microbiome.
A living layer that protects their skin.
Nourish it with the Baby Dove Range.
Made with prebiotic moisture and 100 skin natural nutrients to support baby skins natural health.
Discover Baby Dove prebiotic moisture.
Announcer Someone is going to be the first.
Someone is going to make waves.
Someone is going to blow up the game.
Someone is going to reinvent a classic.
Someone is going to start from scratch.
Someone is going to break barriers.
Someone is going to do that thing you really really wanna do.
It might as well be you.
Music Trojan Man.
Music Sex is the sandwich and you can put whatever you want on it as long as you put this on it.
Music Trojan Man.
Music Trojan Man Explore with confidence.
Narrator See this?
It powers Olia.
For hair color this stunning and healthy looking every time you color.
Powered by 60 oils Olia propels color deep into hair.
And without ammonia.
Its in the oils.
Olia brilliant color visibly healthier hair.
By Garnier naturally.
Max no no no no.
Max.
Max.
Narrator Dogs dont know whats good for them.
Luckily you do.
Greenies Dental Treats.
Fact is every insurance company hopes you drive safely but Allstate actually helps you drive safely with Drive Wise.
It lets you know when you go too fast and brake too hard with feedback to help you drive safer giving you the power to actually lower your cost.
Unfortunately it cant do anything about that.
Now that you know the truth are you in good hands?
Ugh another delay.
But you keep bouncing like Im a bouncy castle.
Oh yeah five stops zero leaks were crushing this commute.
Narrator Huggies Little Movers our best fitting diaper that fits like a hug.
Hug on.
Narrator Red Bull gives you wings.
I guess that you could be Cleos godfather.
Me?
We dont have one yet.
I would be honored.
But thats not official.
I have to.
You just tossed that out?
I could be the godfather.
Thanks man.
I mean I dont know who else Id ask to do that.
Yesterday was a weird thing for everybody.
But we got through it.
Todays a new day.
I think you should spend some time with Kim.
Matt Yeah of course.
Nev All right.
Hey guys.
Whats up?
Whats up Norma?
This is Norma.
Knuckles?
Hey!
Hey yeah!
She gives knuckles.
I got her something.
Gotta give her some knuckles.
Max Aw.
Nev Nice.
Whoa!
Whoa!
Say thanks.
Nev Aw!
She loves it!
Matt Knuckles.
Max Yep.
Do you guys wanna go inside?
Sure yeah.
Lets do it.
Her dadll probably be coming to get her soon.
What do you think?
Pretty cute.
Yeah.
Nev But you dont spend a ton of time with kids?
Mmmmm.
Youre very obviously not ready to like engage with a child.
Right.
Nev Thats cool.
Nev Is that Joe?
Max Go go Joe said.
Yeah I gotta take her out.
Nev There he is.
Hey.
Give mama kisses.
Kisses.
Nev That hair look at that hair both of you guys have quite quite the head of hair.
All right later Joe.
Max Bye Joe.
Nev See ya Norma.
Wanna get out of the house so its not so quiet and awkward.
Kim That would be nice.
Nev Theres a place nearby that has a nice like sort of outdoor space where you guys could chill have some ice cream and like hang on your own.
Kim Sounds fine.
Nev All right cool.
So do your thing hang out take your time.
No kissing.
Or kissings allowed sorry.
So you calm now?
A little bit.
Where are we going from here?
Stop staring at me.
Im just asking where are we going from here?
Good question you speak first.
To answer your question from earlier the one that I keep avoiding right now a relationship for me is not the best place.
But Ive got no problem helping you out if you need help with Norma.
I mean Im okay with being Normas godfather.
You know I do care about you as friends.
I mean as long as I have you in my life thats all that matters.
Max So wherere you guys gonna leave it?
Matt As friends.
I guess this is goodbye for now.
Yup.
Good to meet you.
Same.
Thanks for coming up here.
I guess till I see you next time.
Max All right.
Well that was weird.
But also heartwarming.
Both Hey!
Hey.
Give us a little update.
Whats been going on with you?
Tell us everything.
Just going to school working and being a mommy.
You werent going to school when we met you were you?
Kim No I started taking online classes.
Thats great whatre you studying for or toward?
Im going for a surgeon.
Surgeon?
Wow!