
It got infected so they had to remove the bone like the skull.
Francesca?
Yes.
If I follow normal protocol on this youll end up with no car.
Announcer This is the courtroom of Judge Frank Caprio where people and cases are met with compassion a different kind of judge a courtroom like no other this is Caught in Providence.
Whos Mr.Holder?
This is Mr.Holder Your Honor.
And are you here with him?
Yes Im his counselor at the Riverwood program.
Okay whos gonna do the speaking?
I am at Mr.Holders request.
Frank Alright what do you wanna tell me about this?
Basically he received the ticket on Sunday morning it started all his first parkSaturday.
Im sorry?
Saturday.
Saturday morning Im sorry its not at all his first ticket.
Hes had 31 tickets.
Obviously Im his counselor for significant reasons at the same time its something that were working on engagingly with Mr.Holder and truthfully speaking the tickets are becoming further and further apart.
He happened to have been parked across from Parenside Park in front of the old Bank of America building on this particular morning he was attending a church service.
Sometimes he goes there also to meet up with his daughter whos currently in a homeless situation.
So we are hoping that Your Honor could find a reason hopefully to waive this and know that were working actively in terms of keeping this from happening.
Is he homeless now?
Currently speaking he lives with his father at an assisted living residence in East providence but actually we have an appointment next week with the Gateway group to hopefully line up housing affordable housing in North Providence.
Tell me about the program I dont know what the program is about.
Were a social services agency were under the Horizon Group we have two locations one in Providence one in Warren Rhode Island you know in the East Bay area.
From there on out Mr.Holders been a longtime client of ours and Ive been working as his counselor throughout the last nine months.
Whats the name of the program?
Riverwood one word.
Are you familiar with that?
Ziggy No but I am familiar with Horizon I have heard of that.
Its basically human services and social work primarily the role of the Providence program is to provide affordable housing for low income individuals.
Based on your representations Im gonna dismiss it.
Thank you.
But I want Mr.Holder to know that this doesnt give you a license in the future to say its okay Ill bring my counselor down I can get away with it okay Im doing this based on his representation.
Do you understand that?
You explain it to him when he gets out cause hes homeless okay alright.
Its our intention to avoid it if at all possible thank you Your Honor.
Okay.
Im just trying to see if he gives me attitude.
Despite what you may be thinking I believe this motorist actually made two wise choices in court today the first having his social worker speak for him.
Can you imagine what would have happened if he had opened his mouth?
I think hed still be enjoying the hospitality of one of our local correctional institutions.
The second is that he waited until he passed Inspector Kerrigan before he disrespected the judge.
Trust me that may have been the wisest move of his life.
Frank Anthony Michael Giacobi good morning Mr.Giacobi.
Morning sir.
What do your friends call you they call you Tony they call you AM what do they call you?
I cant say what they call me.
I expected that kind of an answer.
Where are you from Nevada?
Yes sir.
Yeah?
What are you doing in Rhode Island?
What am I doing?
I moved back here stupidly.
Are you calling me stupid?
I was thinking about it but IListen Im gonna tell you something thats not nice.
Mr.Giacobi youre charged with going through a red light on Allens Avenue and Terminal Street are we watching these today?
We should watch it.
Yes we need to see it judge.
Alright heres what were gonna do Mr.Giacobi Im gonna watch it.
Now there are two lines on Allens Avenue there are two stop lines if you are passed the first stop line when the light turns red Ill dismiss it if youre not passed it its gonna cost you 85 bucks were gonna take a look at it look up here.
Ziggy Its already red judge show the time link it was red for 16.2 seconds judge.
If I look at this I look at this every day and Im supposed to know that when the light clicks three times that its red Im supposed to know that I think were all supposed to know that.
So they send me this kind of a video in a court of law I cant tell what color the light is I know it changed three times Inspector Quinn but it went from white to white to white.
No it didnt change at all judge.
It stayed red according to the notice but according to the video I agree with you judge I couldnt determine as to whetherNo I am not convinced by clear and convincing evidence they didnt present clear and convincing evidence to me that the light was red I never saw red on the screen I saw it all white.
I know it changed three times but I dont know if when it changed three times what color it was.
Thats a very long story but the result is that Im gonna dismiss the case because the city has failed to prove by clear and convincing evidence that you went through a red light.
Now is there anything you wanna say?
Thank you.
Oh.
Hes never told me what your friends call you.
What do your friends call you they call you Tony they call you Anthony what do they call you?
His middle name.
Thank you sir.
Well I guess we had it coming the judge did ask him three times what his friends called him based on his response we know he wasnt lying he really is an bleep.
Frank Josev Parentos.
Good morning Your Honor.
Youve a parking ticket on Thayer Street sir?
Yes.
That day I wasnt driving the car I was just getting out the hospital cause I had brain surgery and my son literally parked at the corner of CVS and I got in the car and the lady said You cant park there its a fire hydrant and I said oh alright I understand Ive had brain surgery I had my helmet on and then she says Yeah sure she didnt really believe me.
I got in the car and then we left and then I got in the mail the ticket she didnt even give us a ticket on the way she was or anything.
Alright case is dismissed.
I appreciate it Your Honor thank you.
Good luck.
Thanks.
How are you feeling?
Good.
I cant hear you speak into the mic.
Alright.
I had brain cancer surgery and then it got infected so they had to remove the bone like the skull of my head.
The skull?
Yeah.
So thats why youre wearing a helmet?
Its why Im wearing a helmet yes.
Yeah.
So hopefully in October Im good.
Okay were rooting for you good luck.
Josev I appreciate it thank you.
I got divorced from him maybe about six or seven years ago Frank Yeah.
right before he went to federal prison for 15 years.
Youre telling me all these bad things about him but when he comes in you let him use the car?
Announcer Brought to you by Credit Karma.
Get your truly free credit scores at Credit Karma today.
Why are you checking your credit score?
You dont wanna live with Mom and Dad forever do you?
Im making smoothies!
How do I check my credit score?
Credit Karma dont worry its free.
Announcer Check your free scores now at Credit Karma.
Its just a cough.
Yeah right and the Earth is flat.
Announcer Treat your cough seriously with Robitussin CF Max nothing lasts longer and treats more symptoms for your cough cold and flu.
Robitussin because its never just a cough.
Were doing karaoke later and youre gonna sing.
Jamie this is your house?
I know its not much but its home right kids?
Kids?
Papa Papa!
Oh!
You didnt tell me your friends were coming.
Jamie Oh yeah.
This one is tiny like a child.
Yeah she is.
Ah but seriously its good to be surrounded by what matters most a Home and Auto Bundle from Progressive.
Oh sweetie please play for us.
Oh no I couldnt.
Please.
Okay.
Now this is a beautiful car how much do I have to put down?
To you three grand.
Not if you call 800Next Auto.
Book em boys!
Huh?
Its a crime to pay more than a dime.
One dime down.
At AutoGiants AutoGiants in Temple Hills Woodbridge and Manassas but you have to call 800Next Auto right now.
800Next Auto.
But our credit stinks.
It doesnt matter when you call 800Next Auto you get credit amnesty.
If you bring home 350 a week you get up to 30000 in credit.
30 grand?
Yes sir with only one dime down but you have to call now 800Next Auto.
Acres of warranty preowned plus new Mitsubishis in Manassas.
Call now 800Next Auto 800Next Auto!
Its a crime to pay more than a dime.
One dime down.
Plus credit amnesty.
Bring home 350 a week get up to 30 grand in credit.
Theyre standing by now.
At AutoGiants three locations but you have to call to get this offer.
800Next Auto.
800Next Auto.
Frank Kathy Acosta.
Kathy you have two red light violations.
Yeah it wasnt me driving.
Who drives?
It was my exhusband he lives in Puerto Rico and the first one that he got he said he paid it now I get a second one in the mail and Im furious.
Are you divorced from this guy?
Yes I am.
Frank When did you get divorced?
Well well.
A year ago two years ago six months ago when?
Oh I got divorced from him maybe about six or seven years ago.
Frank Yeah.
right before he went to federal prison for 15 years just to explain what a good citizen he is.
Well the fact of the matter is that the ticket was just issued last month.
Yeah he just left last month.
Oh hes your exhusband but he keeps hes your exhusband but you still let him use your car?
Well I try to be fair.
Youre telling me all these bad things about him but when he comes in you let him use the car?
True true thats against me for being foolish.
No no its not against you Im just trying to figure something out.
Its because we have a child together.
Shes grown now but.
Lets take a look at it.
There he goes right through the light he dont care.
Lets look at the other one.
Yeah that was a close one alright lights please.
Kathy I think you suffer from having a big heart I think youre just too kind.
Suffered for a long time.
Yeah.
Ive paid my dues.
Yeah Im gonna dismiss one of these because youre paying.
Yeah but what I wanted to do was to have him pay both of them but on his license in Puerto Rico.
Kathy when you receive these summons on the back of the summons if you had told us who was driving the car then he would be held responsible you didnt do that and the time for that has passed.
So its too late to do that.
I would love to help you if I could do it I would do it but it has no effect if you had done it originally then we would have notified the authorities there and he would have had a problem.
Okay.
Lesson learned.
Good luck to you.
Jennifer Cruz.
Jennifer get close to the mic.
Good morning Your Honor.
Frank What is your daughters name?
Marlenny.
What is it?
Marlenny.
Shes very well behaved.
Thank you.
How old are you honey?
Im five years old.
Five?
You wanna come up here?
Do you wanna go up there?
Inspector Kerrigan Come on.
Okay you have three tickets.
Yes I dont wish to contend I was just hoping that you could the late fees I was hoping that you could take those off and Id pay the tickets.
Okay.
Do you have an excuse for any of these tickets?
I know that the one on South Main Street I had put just one quarter in because I was just going to get my BCI and there was 20 people in there waiting so they were backed up.
I wanna show you something so dont leave yet okay?
Okay.
Okay hold that.
Okay youre gonna help me out with these okay?
Okay.
Alright now Ive got three choices and these are the three choices I can charge your Mom number one is 50 right and number two is 100 and number three is 150.
So should I charge her number one number two or number three?
Number one Lenny.
Oh no no.
You cant help her Ive gotta change it around now.
Okay?
Okay.
So what do you think?
Number one.
Number one?
Is that because your Mom helped you out?
It is huh?
I think she cheated a little bit what do you think?
Yes.
Oh she thinks you cheated.
Okay well I asked you to help me so Im gonna take your recommendation its gonna be 50 okay?
Okay.
Frank Alright thanks for helping me out.
Thank you Your Honor.
Alright.
Your fine was Yes.
What do you wanna say?
First I am terribly sorry.
No I dont wanna hear it.
Announcer Lets face it the world could use some more.
Music Ill celebrate ya Music Music Appreciate ya Music Mother Oh another delay but you keep bouncing like Im a bouncy castle.
Oh yeah five stop zero leaks were crushing this commute.
Announcer Huggies Little Movers our bestfitting diapers that fits like a hug.
Hugg On.
Shorten your cold by almost half with ColdEeze.