
Taste like?
Its actually really good!
Is it good?
I meanDoes it taste like meat?
laughs Not really more bourbon.
You know whatTastes like bourbon!
You really taste the bourbonSo its got bits of steakIts dominant.
And bourbon is good.
Bits of steak.
Swirled bourbon caramelMe likey!
Char seasoning in there so if you like meat and if you like ice creamThey have a little bacon on top as well.
Its a stupid thing man!
And Ed thank you for his marvelous tshirtI love it!
Such a great gift.
World war win repeat America.
America.
Come on join us tomorrowHappy weekend!
See you tomorrow!
Were gonna have a lot of fun.
See ya tomorrow!
Woman Get under the table get under the table!
Oh bleep!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Woman Oh my God!
Its happened again California bracing with a second earthquake striking foundations and roads cracking fires erupting and now the fear another one could be coming as California Governor Gavin Newsome declares a state of emergency in San Bernardino County.
Welcome everybody happy weekend Im Neil Cavuto and youre looking live at Los Angeles International Airport where all is calm right now after a second quake in as many days strikes north of the major city near Ridgecrest California where the first one epicentered.
Thats where youll find our Jeff Paul in the middle of it all.
Jeff how are things there now?
Yeah Neil I would say theres a general feeling of uneasiness.
Two days two big massive earthquakes right here near this town in California and this latest one a magnitude 7.1.
It is followed by several aftershocks within just the last few minutes or so while we were waiting to speak with you we felt several of them out here at city hall.
And that uneasiness is leading towards many people just not wanting to sleep inside their house last night.
In fact we caught up with one sheriffs deputy who told us while they were out patrolling going streetbystreet to make sure people were okay and accounted for he saw a lot of people either sleeping outside or coming here to city hall where there is a shelter set up.
Now I want to go to a moment here maybe we can pull up the actual sound on this this was the moment we were at a restaurant.
We started to feel the rumbling the violent shaking and this is what happened right after that take a listen.
Man Go go!
Get out!
Keep walkin keep walkin!
Everybody out.
Go go!
Go go!
Keep walkin!
Man Come one come on go!
Yeah you could really hear the panic on peoples voices.
This again was a restaurant right here in Ridgecrest and there was a slight aftershock before this and everyone sort of theyd been through a few of em in the last day.
But then this next one the 7.1 the whole building was shaking dishes were crashing on the ground and you could see some of the people out there just walking out in disbelief some people hitting the ground coming to tears.
And shortly after walking out of this restaurant and collecting ourselves we look off into the distance and we see a huge plume of smoke.
We get closer and realize that this house is on fire and we do know that this is at least one house that was set on fire.
A lot of these fires start because of ruptured gas lines.
Incredibly were only hearing of some minor injuries due to broken glass or things falling on people no reports of any deaths but the governor here has declared a state of emergency and has requested a presidential declaration for some help out here from the Federal Government.
So far the President hasnt Tweeted about whats happened here lately in California.
Neil.
All right Jeff thank you very very much and as Jeff pointed out the California Governor Gavin Newsome has already declared a state of emergency in at least San Bernardino County as officials assess the damage brace for more.
And thats what has everyone on tenterhooks what kind of more does that mean?
How much more how significant?
On the phone with us is Public Information Officer from California Governors Office of Emergency Services Bryan May.
Bryan thank you for taking the time.
How are things looking there now?
Bryan Well weve been working overnight since this second earthquake happened yesterday evening.
Unfortunately for us that second earthquake happened right before sunset darkness prevented us from being able to do a lot of assessment overnight.
Weve just had sunrise here in California in the last hour or so so right now is crucial for us as were getting into Ridgecrest and into the affected areas to see what kind of damage were talking about.
Injuries weve heard there are some but were not quite sure how much.
And of course you heard of people who dont want to go inside their homes right now.
We need to get in and see what the needs are so that we can meet those needs.
Neil Now blessedly weve not heard any reports of significant injuries or worse is that still the case?
Bryan Yeah as of this morning and weve been having briefings all night weve had crews around the clock here in the emergency operations center just outside Sacramento we havent heard of any serious injuries.
We do know that there are some but not so much how serious the injuries are so thats again what weve gotta do this morning.
We know thereve been hospitals that were evacuated and as you saw some of the power lines and gas lines that are been broken so weve gotta get in there today and find out what were dealing with.
Neil You know these aftershocks are more significant than the main event by a factor of up to 10 times and Im wondering how unusual is that for Californians who are always braced for the possibility of this kind of stuff but not the follow up kind of stuff theyve been seeing?
Bryan Yeah and Im gonna defer to the geologist that weve been working with but in talking with them a lot over the last 48 hours its not that uncommon.
And now what were seeing is that the initial earthquake that we saw wasnt now considered the main earthquake that was now called a foreshock because the bigger the earthquake that becomes the main one.
So now this 7.1 that happened yesterday evening is the main earthquake and the one that we felt on the Fourth of July is now being called a foreshock.
Again not that uncommon if you talk to the geologists that cover these things.
Neil You know Bryan Im just curious we get these anecdotal reports I dont know how rampant they are a lot of folks afraid to sleep in their homes so theyre sleeping out on their driveway or theyre sleeping outside theyre that anxious.
How widespread is that?
Bryan Well and I havent been sighs in Ridgecrest yet today but I dont blame them.
This has been goin on for 48 hours now and the shaking has been very violent at times so people wanna be outside where they feel at least a little bit safer.
And the problem is what we have learned is that we cant predict earthquakes we cant predict when the next ones going to happen.
We can try and give an advance warning but in that case even seconds is a good warning.
If theres a train running through the area we can slow the train down maybe stop elevators but we dont have a system that can predict from minutes away when an earthquake is going to happen.
Bryan thank you for taking the time.
I know youve probably had little if any sleep so we appreciate your calling in and updating us.
Bryan May with the Governors Office of Emergency Services.
Well the President by the way was briefed on all of this especially this morning with the updates on that 7.1 magnitude earthquake.
Ellison Barber is right now with the President at Berkeley Heights where the Commander in Chief is spending the weekend.
Ellison.
Hey Neil yeah the White House says that President Trump was briefed on the latest earthquake in California overnight.
Around 100 a.m. the White House said that they had teams closely monitoring the situation there in California and said that they would be providing updates to the President throughout the night.
President Trump is in New Jersey for the weekend staying at his golf club in Bedminster and as of this morning Tweeting about immigration former Vice President Joe Biden and the economy.
The Department of Labor says the U.S.economy added 224000 jobs in June that is up from 72000 in May.
Our country continues to do really well really really well.
So were very happy about it I think were gonna be breaking records.
If we had a Fed that would lower our interests rates wed be like a rocket ship.
President Trump continued those critiques of the Federal Reserve on Twitter late last night writing Other countries around the world are doing anything possible to take advantage of the United States knowing that our Federal Reserve does not have a clue!
He went on to Tweet that The U.S. most difficult problem is not our competitors but the Federal Reserve.
The President has come under fire for his attacks on the Federal Reserve and the chairman Jerome Powell for the last year.
The President has pretty aggressively criticized and repeatedly gone after the Fed and the chairman.
Hes criticized the Fed for raising interest rates and in the Presidents view not doing enough to help the U.S.economy.
Jay Powell has emphasized that the Fed is independent and earlier this year when asked about President Trumps frequent criticisms Powell told reporters the Fed would never take political considerations into account or discuss them as part of their work.
He said that their priority is working for the American people.
Neil.
Ellison thank you very very much.
Ellison Barber with the President in New Jersey.
Meanwhile with a strong jobs report like that it is kinda tough to make the case that the economy is just tanking.
So what do Democratic candidates do in light of this report?
After this.
Music I want it that way Music I cant believe it.
That Carl brought his karaoke machine?
Music Aint nothin but a heartache Music No.
Music Tell me why Music I cant believe how easy it was to save hundreds of dollars on my car insurance with Geico.
Music Tell me why Music Music I never wanna hear you say Music Scientist No Kevin!
No Kevin!
No!
No no!
Music I want Music Announcer Believe it Geico could save you 15 or more on car insurance.
Oh my gosh!
laughs Wow!
Who am I?
laughs Wow is that really me?
laughs Jonathan Hi Im Jonathan Greenhut the CEO of Plexaderm.
Weve created the best offer yet with our Plexaderm 10 minute challenge.
All it takes is 10 minutes to reduce the appearance.
Of undereye bags wrinkles and crows feet.
Plexaderm works so well makeup artists and even people across the country look and feel years younger in minutes.
Hi guys my name is Sandy Marenesi Im a professional hair and makeup artist and one of the number one question that I always get in my chair is Can you make me look younger?
Now I could really say to people Yes I can make you look younger.
My name is Robin and this is what Plexaderm does for me.
Announcer The instant results are from naturallybased silicates found in shell rock.
Once applied your skin tightens and firms.
Take action with the Plexaderm 10 minute challenge.
Get up to 50 off the normal retail price plus get free shipping.
Visit plexaderm.com or call the number on your screen.
Every time I smiled I had to cover my mouth because I was so ashamed.
When the denture slipped I would have to excuse myself and go to the restroom virtually in tears.
It kept me from being able to speak properly.
I could not eat corn apples baby back ribs.
I did not want dentures to be part of my life.
I pretty much decided dental implants were the route I was gonna take.
Lets do a headtohead comparison of dental implants versus dentures.
With dentures the ability to taste food to bite and chew is altered.
The worst thing about dentures bone loss.
When you put an implant inside the bone which is like the root of a tooth now youve preserved the bone its a game changer.
With implants you walk into a restaurant you order anything you want.
You eat just like you have real teeth.
Before you knew it here I was with my brand new teeth.
Announcer Schedule your free consultation today.
Well even talk about financing options.
I can smile my confidence is back.
Announcer Call Clear Choice today.
My mom washes the dishes before she puts them in the dishwasher.
So what does the dishwasher do?
Announcer Cascade Platinum does the work for you prewashing and removing stuck on foods the first time!
Wow thats clean!
Announcer Cascade Platinum.
When I book at hilton.com I get to select my room from the floor plan free WiFi and the price match guarantee!
So with Hilton there is no catch.
laughs Yeah the only catch is Im never leaving.
No Im serious I live here now.
Book at hilton.com and get the price match guarantee.
And our economy is much better than its ever been.
From election day were over 50 increase and weve made trillions and trillions of dollars with a T trillions.
All right that 50 increase to which the President was referring is the Dow Jones Industrial surging about that since he was first elected.
The President saying hes a big reason for that and optimism ahead of his inauguration and what hes done since the inauguration have made the changes in a booming jobs report that few people saw coming.
So for 2020 Democrats who are portraying an economy that isnt nearly as robust as the numbers seem to indicate what do they do?
All In Together CEO Lauren Leader is with us.
We got Republican strategist Joseph Pinion and the host of Sincerely Kat on Fox Nation Kat Timpf.
Kat end it with you begin with you on what the President is saying No denying the numbers give me credit for those numbers.
Right I think thats the second part that a lot of people have a problem with right.
The economy is doing very well thats objectively true and this was a huge report in particular because it shows that this U.S.China trade war hasnt really affected employment in this country negatively whatsoever.
But at the same timeYet.
But they all say yet.
Yet yet.
As we always say on this show though President Trumps approval rating should be much better given how well the economy is doing.
So I think with any other president it would be and it has been.
We dont know how much its going to affect things and then also at the same time polls havent always accurately represented just how much support the President has if you look back to 2016.
So its really really hard to say but its gonna be hard for the Democrats because they cant say that the economy is a disaster its hard to argue against something thats doing so well.
Lauren you couldnt say the economy is a disaster right lets say?
I just looked at this Gallup Poll that was taken a couple a couple of weeks ago and compared it to a year ago which was independent of asking political questions just asked Americans How do you view the economy great good poor?
et cetera.
46 of Americans still think the economy is poor or very bad and thats basically the same number that it was a year ago.
And that tells youHow was it under Barack Obama?
Well sighs I didnt look at every single year.
I mean I think look the confidence and it was a different time obviously because we were still coming out of a recession out of the crisis through most of the Obama presidency.
The point is that I think Kats right it should look like a better picture than it feels and I think the impact of the tariffs on farmers in the Midwest I think the ongoing wage growth is just now beginning to change its starting to rise slightly.
But you know vast majorities of Americans couldnt manage a 200 unexpected medical or emergency.
But thats been the case through Democrat and Republican presidencies.
Well I know but the point is I think what the Democrats are gonna do is make a lot of hay out of that and say Look if the economy is so good why arent we investing back in the working class Americans?
Why are we not working to reduce the debt?
talk about the trillions with a TDemocrats likeI was gonna sayWellDemocrats lecturing on debt?
What Democrats have beenMany haveTalking about the debt?
Well where isThats like me giving dietary advice.
It didBut having said thatLook at what they haveIts a valid point.
To deal with!
All right butThe debt has exploded under this administration.
Well it explodedI think theyre gonna take it on.
Under the prior one.
So any party lecturing the other on debt I think is a fools game but Joseph one of the things I do note is that the President hasnt really been able to take advantage of this at least in polling to some of the points that were raised is that there are one million more AfricanAmericans employed than when Barack Obama left office more than two million Hispanics than when Barack Obama left office.
Yet with those groups hes still under water why is that?
I think that realistically theyve just done a bad job of messaging across the board.
I think theyre actually better served not makin it about AfricanAmerican employment or Hispanic employment but just sayin that Look weve got a problem with poverty in this country but that problem preexisted my administration.
Having said that if Democrats are tellin ya that people are working two and three jobs theyve been working two or three jobs this whole time.
The difference is those two and three jobs are paying more money under my administration.
All right wellBut wellIts one in 15 who are working two or more jobs.
Thats a high number nevertheless but it is in this idea that everybodys working that.
But IAnd wage growth the wage growth is ticking up as the job growth is ticking up.
Wage growth for AfricanAmericans and Hispanics has not kept paceWell for lowerWith the wage growth for the white Americans.
And middle income workers youre actually wrong on that.
Its been running at close to a 3.3 to 3 12Lauren And its double that though for white Americans.
Well no noIt is!
I mean.
I just looked at the numbersBefore I walked on.
The fact of the matter is I mean for upper income which tends to be a target of Democrats its been averaging closer to 3.
No thats not narrowing the gap but it is beginning to.
So what Im looking at with this is whether the arguments that Democrats are raising on the stump camp is gonna come back to bite them because most people look at this recovery would say I can deal with this.
Right absolutely and I think its gonna be tough.
I think thats why weve seen them focus on other things such as healthcare thats a good thing I think for them to focus on because obviously Republicans had a chance to fix that and that got all messed up.
Thats didnt happen they didnt have an answerHow much of a role doesto the problem.
The President himself play in this?
I think he stomps on his ownI absolutelyotherwise good message?
I absolutely thinkTweeting silly stuff and he gets away.
He distracts from the message of the economy doing so well.
Yes he talks about it but then hell Tweet something thats all the way out there or hell go after somebody call someone a loser and people tend to focus on those things more thanOh I can see the TweetsThey focus on the economy.
Coming on you right now.
Im a loser I already know Im a loser so what are ya gonna do?
All right one other thing Lauren I look at when I look at all the data that comes in and youre right we get a lot of it from a lot of angles is that in the manufacturing states some of the big ones like Pennsylvania Michigan Indiana we are talking about wages growing at a faster clip than the rest of the nation.
Yet to your point he is trailing that is the President by double digits in some of these not quite that same amount in Indiana but that doesnt jive with these numbers.
Well because you have to look at the whole picture.
Look at the same time that weve had this sort of incremental growth in wages which I dont deny its real and obviously the growth in jobs you also have this explosion of student debt.
So the access to the American dream has gotten more and more expensive its weighing down more families not just the kids who are going to school but their parents and their grandparents who are saddled with debt.
You look at the rising cost of healthcare the rising cost of housing which the Democrats have just started talking about.
The cost of living in almost every metropolitan area around theWould the government waving a wand to eradicate that debt or to deal with Health Care For All or to offer benefits to illegalsLook IDo you think that is enough to turn the tide for now or do other Americans look at that and say Whoa whoa whoa cool it.
Look I think that the risk the President runs is this sense that hes tone deaf to the challenges that workingclass and middleclass Americans are actually facing.
He keeps talkin about how amazing the stock market is well the vast majority of workingclass folks arent invested or benefiting from the stock market except maybe for a 401k and thoseWell 54 are youre rightOkay so thentheres another 46Its down from 60.
I mean we could do the math.
The point is is that you continue to onlyBut what about all these numbers I showed you on minority gains all of that?
You have to all of the polls that ask Americans or workingclass Americans how they feel do they feel the sense that they are benefiting from this economy the answer is no they do notSo when the giveBecause of thewhole picture.
The President high marks on the economy but overall not for him himself what does that tell you Joseph?
Right and the Democrats have an opportunity there to say And I have a solution for that.
But I mean thatsBut it hasnt changedPart of whyThe view that the economys doing well.
I think the reality is that the overwhelming majority of Americans do feel that the economy is going well.
I think that if you look again not everyone is invested in the stock market but its gonna be very difficult for Democrats to sayBy the way that masks the number who benefit from a higher market or who see things in their pension funds that are directly or indirectly invested.
Yeah market confidence is very much an indicator on how the actual commercial impact and so I think if you just take a step back and say the realisticBut thats dangerous right?
Lauren Its huge yes.
Constantly quoting the stock market.
Ronald Reagan of all people for whom the market boomed was very leery.
Its extremely dangerous.
Look I recognize the fact that again there are going to be people who says I am not included in this growth but I think its going to be difficult for Democrats to stand up there and say Your 401k goin up is a figment of your imagination.
The extra moneyBut maybe her pointYou got backAbout those who will capitalize on the factIts a small piece of it.
That they dont maybe on these wedge issues and what youre doing on illegal immigrants and Health Care For All will register what do you think?
Well INo Im saying its a bigger picture than just the stock market.
What their daytoday lives areBut you mention these examples as something that will eek out support where there isnt maybe on the general economy.
Yeah and look the Democrats are gonna have a big stage for the next six months to be dominating endless conversations about policy solutions for making Americans lives better.
Theyre gonna own that and the President is gonna eventually have to addressBut theyre at a stepWhat is he gonna do withWith even Democratic voters who dont support giving health benefits to illegals.
I just think in a binaryIts not presentedChoice between somebody who didnt have a job yesterday and somebody who has a job tomorrow theyre not going to be able to convince them that somehow their life is worse off.
I think that people again in polls early on are gonna be talkin about the emotions the visceral impact that Donald Trumps words has on their everyday life.
But I think when you show up in November when you start doing that polling the actual only polling that matter which is the exit polling I think theres gonna be much different story.
So were just wasting our time with the polls.
What are we gonna doI dont know?
For the next year?
I dont know.
Guys Im gonna see ya soon again here.
The President he mentioned something Weve never seen this kind of strength before then why Mr.President are you urging the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates?
You dont need to if were firing on all the cylinders.
Or is there something Im missing?
Apparently there is right after this.
Hey who are you?
Oh hey Jeb Im a car thief.
What!
Im here to steal your car because well thats my job.
What!
What?
What!
laughs What!
What!
What?
What!
laughs It happens.
Have you got cutrate car insurance?
Payin for this could feel like gettin robbed twice.
So get Allstate.
And be better protected from mayhem.
Like me.
laughs What if there was something that can reduce body fat boost mood get rid of wrinkles tighten saggy skin and make you look and feel decades not years but decades younger?
Im talking about human growth hormone or HGH.
Finally theres SeroVital.
Announcer In a clinical trial SeroVital has been shown to boost your HGH naturally up to an astonishing 682.
SeroVital gave me my youth back.
Announcer SeroVital available at ULTA and smarter retailers nationwide.
Announcer Their quest for a record fourth World Cup comes down to the final.
Commentator Header!
Goal!
Announcer Its now all or nothing for the Stars and Stripes as Megan Rapinoe and Alex Morgan lead the U.S.Unstoppable!
Against the Netherlands.
Commentator Spectacular!
Announcer The reigning champs put their legacy on the line.
Commentator Goal!
Announcer One last time!
The World Cup final coverage begins tomorrow at 1000 a.m.Eastern on FOX and the FOX Sports App.
Announcer This is the couple who wanted to get away who used Expedia to book the vacation rental which led to the discovery that sometimes a little downtime can lift you right up.
Expedia everything you need to go.
Announcer From two stories to 20 from ready apps to emergency response whenever damage strikes call on the cleanup team thats fast to any size disaster at 1800SERVPRO.
Like it never even happened.
Our nation is stronger today than it ever was before.
Announcer Inside the Presidents July Fourth Celebration.
Judge Jeanine breaks it down like no one else only on Justice.
Coach its kinda hard to see the ball.
Ive been there.
I had a TV service with hardly any sports in 4K couldnt see any of the quality details.
I switched to DirecTV now I get the most live sports in 4K.
So how does that help me?
It really doesnt I dont know why I told ya that?
Go get em sport!
Announcer Live sports that arent in 4K are just kinda TV.
Dont just kinda TV DirecTV.
Dont have 4K?
Call 1855WATCH4K and ask for it today.
Announcer This summer all eyes will be on the U.S.Womens National Team in the FIFA Womens World Cup.
Music Did you hear Music Music Theres a battle to fight Music Announcer Over 153 hours of coverage.
Live from France the 2019 FIFA Womens World Cup on FOX FS1 and FS2.
Dont miss all 52 matches of the FIFA Womens World Cup live in stunning 4K on DirecTV.
If you dont have 4K ask for it today.
All right getting our first images from California now.
Shake rattle and rolled theyre getting earthquakerelated images from around Ridgecrest California as the sun begins to rise there.
This coming in these images from KTTV.
As you might have heard a 7.1 magnitude earthquake in the region higher by a factor 10 times than the one that hit just 24 hours earlier.
Were watching this no reports of any serious injuries or worse so far so there is that.
Well keep ya posted on aftershocks and obviously a lot of Californians worried that they could see a lot more of those.
In the meantime the job market is stronger than all get out right now in fact so strong it has a lot of folks saying Do we really even need to see the Federal Reserve cut interests rates to keep it going?
And that lands the conundrum for stock traders because they sold off a little bit yesterday from record highs we reached before July 4th the holiday on the notion that maybe there is no need to at least immediately cut rates.
Lets get the view from Gibbs Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer Erin Gibbs weve got FOX News Contributor Jonas Max Ferris and our very own FOX Business Network Deirdre Bolton.
Deirdre that was sort of the battle back and forth yesterday wasnt it?
Well you know its strong and we like that good news is good news but its bad news when it means the Federal Reserve might have to push offYeah and if we look atA rate cut.
Fed funds futures so what traders are anticipating so it seems as if everyone or most people are still anticipating this cut in July but the idea of a 50 basis point cut seems to beThats off the table nowReally diminishing.
Yeah its seems to be not even really a real possibility but the 25 basis point is a possibility.
But to your point do we need at all and if so do we need it now those are the two outstanding questions.
So the market clearly pricing it in as far as whats coming Im gonna bet on the 25 basis point cutSo well still see a cut?
I believe so.
Neil You think that were gonna still see a cut?
Yeah because of really the last big piece of data that the Fed was getting was last Friday and because there were a few things that you werent completely thrilled withLike what?
Well for one some of the wage growth started to drop and even though theyWas it 3.1?
Yeah so just not quite as strong so I think those kind of indicators.
Theres still a concern about trade war out there I mean we havent gotten rid of it were just slowly moving forward.
And also Europe still the last time they talked the big issue was concerns about a global economic slowdown and we still have that out there so though the U.S.is good.
So I think a quarter point is still very much on the table for the end of July.
You know I always wondered Jonas on this whether you go ahead and cut rates now and in our environment we have a strong economy albeit maybe not as strong as we had but you dont have a lot of arrows in the quiver so do you waste your time cutting em an environment as good as this when you might really need em down the road?
Yeah its like in that movie The Fast and the Furious when he hit the nitrous too early and hes like You ran outta nitrous!
The realityI thought the exact same thing!
Touche.
I think thats psychological Wizard of Oz kind of thing that the Fed does its very important in this.
On just pure inflation terms they could have lower interest rates it would be good to have the interest rate curve be upwardslanting so people arent concerned were gonna have a recession.
That said if they do that now and go to 1 or 1.5 and then we do get a recessionNeil What are we now around 2.5 is that it?
Yeah a little under with the actual anyway.
Yes.
If they do that then people are gonna be like wait a second were already recycling the QE money we stopped doing that.
Were already now down to 1.
Weve already done tax cuts were not gonna get those again.
Were already running a stimulus program essentially increase spending.
What are we gonna do now a little panic and the Fed wants to show off that theyve got some tools.
They really dont have that many tools left at this point so they dont wannaIts quantitative easing and buying all the Treasury notes and bonds out there.
That was kind of unprecedented when Bernanke was doing that right.
Right and they cant get out of it.
I mean theyre trying to slowly so slowly lets let the interest payments be basically burned that money.
Instead they have to now go buy more longterm debt which is one of the reasons longer term interest rates fell so much besides these fears that are kinda irrational that the economys slowing which kinda gets to the whole thing Whats going on is you know the market long term is earnings economy all that but in the short run there was a big bet going on that the economys weakening enough to get the Fed to lower rates but actually is not that weak so were gonna get a big boost in the stock market.
Thats what investors were hoping for and that story changed when this jobs numbers stood.
Well when they say you cant lose that a good report will be greeted favorably as a good report a bad report would be greeted favorably as a reason for the Fed to ease that sets you up for a disappointment.
Thats the idea where you were saying that good news is bad news bad news is good news.
But Im seeing more and more I mean when you talk about the tools I think the Fed has also decided that by cutting rates or not cutting rates that everyone understands in the market whereas the QE was very difficult and there was a bit of hocus pocus.
I mean Im sure there was a methodWell the PresidentTo the madness.
Was a critic of it.
Yes.
What was goin on under Barack ObamaBut to meNow he says Do that for meRight do that.
And wed be really off to the races.
Put that special sauce back in there please.
Do think so that thats the case?
Yeah its definitely something that could be added back in.
But itsNeil Do you think we should add it back?
No I think the tightening has been because they just let it get so out of hand for so long and I think just small quarterpoint rate cuts.
I think the idea of when we were thinking about a 50bip cut for the July meeting was a little aggressive.
So I think the expectations now seemYeah and you moreMuch more rational.
And more general press talking even about deflationary worries right.
To your point there were a lot of people saying okay maybe we dont need this now but there were definite arguments being made in Washington Post editorials in The Journal The Economist Bloomberg Business Week you know nobodys saying this is happening but saying okay should this be actually now what were worried about?
I just wonderAnd you could slow downThe trade thing though.
The trade thing holds everything in it.
I always think we havent gotten the impact of tariffs yet because a lot of them havent reached consumers yet because they were in transit and all that.
So obviously eventually that will happen we dont know when but if they get a trade deal all bets are off right?
You know the funny thing is that we do lower interest rates or they keep going down our weakening dollar would have the effect of more than the tariff actually.
So it would make all imports from all countries seem more than five or 10 or 15 expense.
In fact I believe the President was talking about that by having rates too high our dollars too strong.
So he wants toSo you cut them.
Weaken them obviously it would improveIt would improveRight causeExporters gettingOther countriesTheir goods outYeah people in Germany are very happy with our 2 10year bond because they have a zero or negative 10year bond soYeah in Germany youre actually paying for the privilege to lend your money to the government.
I mean they have negative rates.
Thats incredible are we going there?
I dont see us going anywhere near negative rates.
Were in a much healthier environment versus Europe.
Theyre really strugglingSo are you bullishJust to get any growth.
At this stage?
Yeah I thinkWe are?
Yeah we are Im bullish.
But Im cautious lets say ImCautiously bullish.
Cautiously optimistic.
Neil Jonas?
We would probably be at about 1 if we did and theres two reasons.
We have a stronger economy with stronger inflation than Europe but we also borrow much more.
Were in a huge actual budget deficits that they dont run anymore.
Theyre running a very strict austere program theyre not borrowing as much as we are.
Yeah it can boomerang on you.
All right guys I know youll be back.
In the meantime the battle between New York Democratic Congresswoman Alexandria OcasioCortez and the border patrol erupting over new allegations that this Facebook postings that were pretty obnoxious there might have been more of them than we thought and more involved in saying what they said.
After this.
With all that USAA offers why go with anybody else?
We know their rates are good.
We know that theyre always gonna take care of us.
It was an instant savings and I should have changed a long time ago.
Were the Tenneys and were USAA members for life.
Announcer Call USAA to start saving on insurance today.
Im really into this car but how do I know if Im getting a good deal?
I tell TrueCar my zip and which car I want and TrueCar shows the range of prices people in my area actually paid for the same car so I know if Im getting a great price.
This is how car buying was always meant to be.
This is TrueCar.
Announcer Introducing the Blackstone griddle.
Outdoor cooking without the compromise.
Log on now to blackstoneproducts.com.
Announcer Beat by the heat?
Are you tired of those hot sticky sweaty days?
No matter what you do you cant get relief from the suns scorching rays!
Now theres the Arctic hat the evaporativecooling hat that keeps you 20 degrees cooler than the outside temperature!
And has a builtin UV barrier that reflects the suns heat and harmful UV rays.
Just put it on for instant relief from the sun or wet the inner liner and get the ultimate cooling relief.
Youll feel 20 degrees cooler instantly and it will keep you cool for hours!
The secret is hydrochill technology an evaporative lining holds and gradually releases water for continuous cooling while the builtin UV barrier blocks over 99 of the suns harmful rays keeping you cool and comfortable all day long.
Look this mans head is a scorching 102 degrees but with Arctic Hat hes a comfortable 78.
Thats over 20 degrees cooler!
Breathable and lightweight with ventilated panels that allow air to flow freely.
Its perfect for the beach or going for a hike all kinds of outdoor activities!
Its like having a personal air conditioner everywhere you go!
Whether youre out enjoying nature or working in the yard the Arctic Hat will be your cooling companion.
Im always outside working in the heat but with the Arctic Hat Im feelin cool and comfortable all day.
I burn very easily but the Arctic Hats UV protection lets me stay outside a lot longer without worry.
Announcer Its fully adjustable so one size fits all!
So get outside and stay cool and protected with Arctic Hat!
Call now and get the Arctic Hat in your choice of brimmed hat or cap for just 19.99!
Plus every order today gets free shipping!
But order right now and well double the offer just pay a separate fee.
You get two Arctic Hats and free shipping for only 19.99!
Order now!
Announcer To order call 18004170992 or go online at buyarctichat.com.
Dont delay call 18004170992 or go online at buyarctichat.com.
Order now.
Announcer Who!
I like to plan my activities before I take a trip so by the time I get there I can just enjoy the ride!
With TripAdvisor its easy to discover over 100000 bookable things to do!
From walking tours in Rome to wine tastings in Tuscany and if you like what you see you can book it with ease!
Just another way TripAdvisor helps you make your trip a masterpiece!
Who!
Owl Read reviews check hotel prices book things to do.
TripAdvisor.
All right President Trump just Tweeted this morning that Democrats must change the loophole in asylum laws but they probably wont.
They want open borders which means massive crime and drugs!
This as the border patrol is telling FOX News that it is looking into these recent allegations of agents former agents making controversial comments and more about lawmakers and illegal immigrants themselves in a second private Facebook group and one that was taken down later than the first one.
Anyway its a bit confusing.
Lets get the read from the National Border Patrol Council President back with us Brandon Judd.
Brandon good to have you.
Thank you I appreciate bein on with you.
Do you know Brandon the latest wave of these Facebook postings that apparently involve more agents and former agents than the original roundup that was critical of illegals who are being held at these detention centers and even those visiting detention centers?
I do theres a couple Facebook pages that are out there.
Youve got the Im 1015 youve got the Im 1015x2 youve got The Real CBP Nation.
All of these Facebook pages have been critical of illegal aliens theyve been critical of certain lawmakers.
Now theres some things that have been posted on those Facebook pages that are perfectly fine theyre political talk and you can actually do that.
But theres other things that are absolutely reprehensible and Im aware that theres been about 13 letters that have been sent out to current employees that are cease and desist letters telling them that they need to stop their Facebook posts and thats just the initial.
Now the investigation has to go into were these posts of the nature that violates policy?
And if they were those individuals will be held accountable and they need to be held accountable.
When you say held accountable fired?
It could be it strictly depends on what the nature of the posts were.
I mean if theyre bad enough if theyre releasing information about law enforcement sensitive information theyre gonna be very very strict sanctionsWhat if they wereAnd yes they could be.
Just disparaging or sometimes deemed racist comments?
Would youOh thereWould you fire them for that?
Yes if theyre racist comments absolutely.
We cannot as uniformed law enforcement we cannot show that we have a bias.
If we have a bias then you cannot properly enforce the laws.
There is no place in law enforcement for individuals that are racist.
Theres no place in law enforcement for people that hate other groups of people because you obviously cannot enforce the laws properly if youre already bringing that bias into the workplace.
You know Brandon the reason why I asked that is Senator Chuck Schumer had called for the firing of Mark Morgan on all this the acting commissioner of the Customs and Border ProtectionThats wrong.
Ultimately picked to lead the agency because of what was happening under him what do you think?
No thats absolutely wrong.
In fact Commissioner Morgan I can tell ya that when he was the chief of the Border Patrol he was made aware of just one post and he immediately took action and he took the most severe action that he possibly could have taken under labor laws at that time.
So Commissioner Morgan currently Commissioner Morgan he did what he needed to do.
Whats funny is Senator Schumer called for his termination before he was even the commissioner.
I mean hes over at ICE he was the director of ICE and Senator Schumer is calling for his termination when hes not even the commissioner.
Senator Schumer has it completely and totally wrong.
He needs to look deeper and he needs to look at the people that have been here for an awfullong time that should have been aware of this and should have been taking proper action.
You know I dont know where the truth starts or the exaggerations begin on these Facebook postings but one of the things that Politico and others have reported Brandon is that higher ups were aware of this they werent proud of it but they were aware.
Do you know anything about any of this?
They absolutely were aware of this.
CBP is required to monitor what agents are doing whether its on duty off duty.
These Facebook pages they were aware of these pages I mean you had a greatAnd did they tell them to take them down?
Or did they take it down?
No no they didnt.
In fact if you look at these Facebook pages there were a great many highlevel managers that were on these pages.
So yes they were absolutely aware of it they did have a responsibility to do something about it and they didnt.
Again Im gonna point back to 2017 almost two years to the date the National Border Patrol Council sent out an advisory to agents telling them You need to be careful about what youre posting on Facebook.
There are certain things that you can post but there are certain things that are absolutely inappropriate and could potentially affect your job status.
And CBP didnt follow up.
I mean if you look at the Facebook posts the National Border Patrol Council we were the first ones to come out and condemn those posts when the ProPublica article broke.
The agency came in later after us and this is what happens on a very regular basis and frankly its very frustrating to us.
We want the most honorable organization that we can have.
This agency is a very important agency the work that we do is extremely important for the American public.
We are charged with securing the border and we have to do it properly and have to have the right agents to do it.
Brandon well watch closely thank you for taking the time.
Brandon Judd the National Border Patrol Council President joining us out of Salt Lake City.
Thank you sir.
Thank you.
Meanwhile I want to show you whats happening in California right now.
This is Ridgecrest.
Thankfully no reports of significant injuries but as you can see there were structure fires as a result of gas leaks throughout the city.
The states emergency services director leaving the door open for the possibility that still more serious damage as daylight emerges and theyre able to reassess all of this in the wake of a 7.1 magnitude follow up earthquake after a 6.4 magnitude earthquake just the day before.
That is technically 10 times more serious.
More after this.
Announcer The ant mindlessly marches on carrying up to 50 times its body weight.
It never questions the task at hand.
But this year theres a more thrilling path to follow.
Kids!
Change of plans!
Announcer Defy the laws of human nature at the Summer of Audi Sales Event.
Get exceptional offers now.
I heard ya the first time I just wanted to hear it again.
Announcer Now available at walmart.com.
Worldclass rechargeable hearing aid for hundreds not thousands of dollars.
Including our new appcontrolled hearing aid that gives you full control of your sound environment.
Try them in the comfort of your home for 60 days!
Our full lineup available with free twoday shipping now at walmart.com.
Hearing Assist will change your life!
Hi Im Alex Schulze!
And Im Andrew Cooper!
In 2015 we took a surf trip to Bali Indonesia and saw firsthand just how bad the worlds plastic pollution crisis really is.
We wanted to make it our mission to solve this problem and we have.
Andrew We started cleaning the ocean by ourselves until 2017 when we started our ocean cleanup company 4ocean.
Now weve become the worlds largest ocean cleanup company employing captains and crews seven days a week to clean our oceans and coastlines.
Weve operated out of 27 different countries and to date weve removed over two million pounds of trash from the ocean.
And now were inviting you to join the clean ocean movement.
Andrew All of our cleanup efforts are funded entirely through the sale of our bracelet.
The 4ocean bracelet is made from our ocean plastic and the recycled glass bottles that we collect.
Every bracelet purchased helps fund the removal of one pound of trash from the ocean and supports the 4ocean cleanup movement.
So visit 4ocean.com today to become part of the solution.
All right Im getting in the car now Ill see ya soon.
Okay sounds like a plan!
Whoa!
Lisa?
Sorry I dropped ya.
Its really dark down here.
Oh theres some change down here too.
Announcer Dont let this happen to you.
With removable cups the WeatherTech CupFone fits virtually any size cup holder and it adjusts to secure virtually any size phone.
Tilts for perfect viewing and even allows easy access while charging.
Thats better!
Announcer Order your Americanmade CupFone today at weathertech.com.
Announcer Hey renovators time to dream bigger!
Music Wayfair youre my new secret weapon Music Music You got what I need for my renovation Music Music I love all these options Music Music So much to choose from Music Music Bathrooms and basements even my kitchen Music Music Your service is sweet Music Music And my job is complete Music Music Wayfair here I come Music Announcer Start your renovation at wayfair.com.
All right we try to be very fair and balanced here.
We just heard from the border patrol unity Brandon Judd now to a border state Democrat who isnt impressed with what hes been hearing out of border officials.
Texas Democratic Congressman Al Green.
Congressman very good to have you.
Good to be with you Mr.Cavuto.
Neil please youre the congressman the big cheese here not me.
laughs Youre kind.
Youre kind.
So let me get your take on what Brandon Judd was just saying sir that if he finds that people have made in fact these obnoxious comments border agents have been charged with making on these Facebook posts since taken down he would advocate firing them.
Is that good enough for you?
Yes it is good enough.
Im sure there are other things that can be done as well but if a person exhibits racial views that are abhorrent racism as it was called by the agent by the way I commend him I think that it is appropriate to consider terminating the relationship.
This measure that was overwhelmingly approved in Congress the 4.6 billion funding to deal with the crisis at the border did you vote for that?
I did.
And you did so to ease the congestion and the problems with the kids and everyone else right?
Well I did so for a multiplicity of reasons and I understand why those who did not do so.
I did so because quite frankly Ive been talkin for some time about the conditions at the border.
I went there I saw the conditions and I wanted to do what I could in my own way to be helpful.
But I understand that those who chose not too to in a sense highlight the fact that there needs to be more transparency there needs to be more accountability.
I respect what they did.
For me seeing that baby with her father on the shores of the river that touched my heart in a way such that it was impossible for me to vote otherwise.
You know as youve pointed out Congressman these children popping up in these migrant centers is quintuple what it was under Barack Obama under whom these facilities were built in the first place but not prepared for the crowds that fill these facilities today.
So is this really the agents fault or for that matter even Homeland Security?
Mr.Cavuto I thank you for asking the question because its a question that really merits an answer.
The question is this are we there to facilitate the law or are we there to deter people from coming into the country?
In the early part of the 19th century we were processing five to 10000 people per day.
We never separated children from their parents.
Persons were fleeing Scandinavia and Eastern Europe and they came by the millions and we processed them.
The question is do we really want to process people if we do we can or do we want to find the means by which we can deter them from coming?
But you would have to admit to theI believeYou would have to admit that these numbers are staggering even dwarfing what Barack Obama was dealing with when he too would look into briefly separating kids from families just to make sure that those with whom they were traveling were in fact that theyre related.
Well compared to those who were comin through Ellis Island they are not dwarfing numbers especially givenBut this isnt Ellis Island.
They didnt haveThis is right at our border.
The computer equipment that we have currently.
This is a very different case right here right there right now.
So do you thinkWell Ellis IslandThat the 4.6 billion thats been allocated to deal with this would you be happy if its still the same folks in charge of this or do you want someone else running it?
Well let me continue I have to say this and Ill answer your question.
But those who were coming through Ellis Island were right there right then and we respected them and we welcomed them.
There seems to be a removal of the welcome mat for those who are coming fromNo no no noSouth of the border.
We welcomed them because they had assurances that there were family or friends who take them in who could take care of them and not the United States government very different environment.
Well a good many of them did not Mr.Cavuto and by the way a good many of the people who were coming from south of the border they have family friends and persons who can assist them as well but we are turning them away without even giving them an interview to a certain extent now by pushing the interview process to Mexico.
And now to your question about whether or not the persons who are in charge are the persons who should remain in charge its my opinion that persons who are in charge some of them are victims themselves because they are forced to enforce policies that quite frankly are abhorrent.
A policy of separating children from their parents no country should have such a policy and we shouldWell you can understandNot be proud of this.
Why it happens though.
I mean in the cases whereNo I cannot.
All right soI cannot.
When Barack Obama was entertaining that because he simply didnt know where a lot of these kids were coming from now he didnt formally separate them for extended periods of time but he recognized that some of them were being used as leverage to get into this country.
Among any group of folk youll have some things that are not appropriate but the overwhelming majority of these people are coming here to escape persecution escape crime.
I just returned from El Salvador.
I went there to bring back a constituent who had been deported and we brought him home.
He had a 10year bar on him a Mr.Escobar he was married to an American woman he had two Americanborn children he reported to ICE and he was deported with the money in his pocket and the clothes on his back.
We brought him home.
So I think its the attitude that we have to deal with Mr.Cavuto.
I really do and listen let me thank you for giving me the opportunity to say that because quite frankly we are finding that its difficult to get that message out and I appreciate it.
Well no I appreciate youre coming on Congressman.
That commercial unfortunately wont stop for love or money but I want to thank you.
Al Green of Texas.
Thank you sir.
Much more after this.
Music Can I put in a request Music Music Dont have no sense about this Music Music Cant take no cuss about this Music Music Like this Music Announcer This is a moment you planned for.
To start your investment plan find an advisor at massmutual.com.
When my doctor put me on a cholesterollowering statin drug I knew I should take CoQ10 with it.
I take Qunol CoQ10.
Why?
Because Qunol has three times better absorption than regular CoQ10.
Qunol the better CoQ10.
No matter what I wore I worried someone might see my bladderleak underwear so I switched to Always Discreet Boutique.
Its shapehugging threads smooth out the back so it fits better than Depend and no one notices.
Always Discreet.
Announcer Campaign 2020 from the Presidents Fourth of July Celebration to Democrats pushing their positions inside every move and message to win votes on FOX News Sunday.
I just couldnt stay in shape like I used to but luckily I found Nugenix.
Announcer Nugenix has a unique manboosting formula that helps increase your free testosterone level.
To get a complementary bottle text BEST to 42424.
Announcer Want a 10 Amazon gift card?
Sign up forCuriosityStream today and get a 10 Amazon gift car on us.
Youll get access to thousands of nonfiction titles.
Neil Thats affirmative.
Announcer Weve got somethin for everyone.
You dont have to look any further than this.
Announcer 19.99 gets you one year of CuriosityStream.
That really ignites the imagination.
Announcer And a 10 Amazon gift card.
Sign up now.
Announcer Get a free mesothelioma book from mesobook.com.
People who have been diagnosed with mesothelioma have many questions thats why we offer this free book.
An call tollfree at 18008218383.
Do you want me to go first or do you wanna go first Bree?
You can go first.
Audible reintroduced this whole world to me.
So many great stories from amazing people it makes me wanna be better.
To be able to connect with the peoples stories that Im listening to thats an inspiration.
Its on during my commute its on all the time.
Doing the dishes.
Working out.
When Im in the car.
At bedtime.
An Audible listener is someone that wants to broaden their mind.
Customer People who are tired of listening to the radio or music.
To here herIt wasSpeak those wordsIt wasIt was incredible.
Unbelievable.
With Audible Originals theres something for almost every taste in there.
Everything you ever wanted to hear.
Well I signed up for getting a credit every month and I started exploring books that I normally wouldnt read.
Our ability to empathize through these stories with these stories can be transformational.
Its my own thing that I can do for me.
Announcer See what listening to Audible can do for you.
Just text LISTEN14 to 500500.
All right we are getting updated images coming out of California right now and that 7.1 magnitude earthquake which technically was 10 times more severe than the one that preceded it just 24 hours earlier.
Jeff Paul is in Ridgecrest California with the very latest.
Hey Jeff.
Yeah Neil and this earthquake was felt far and wide.
I mean were right here the closest city near the epicenter of this magnitude 7.1 earthquake but there are reports of people as far north as Sacramento as far east as Phoenix Arizona and as far south as Mexico feeling some sort of rumbling due to this particular earthquake that happened just after eight oclock local time.
Now as you take a look at some of this video here this is some video that my producer shot as we were out grabbin a bite to eat or at least trying to.
There was first a smaller aftershock that was just minor but then a few minutes later thats when that 7.1 magnitude earthquake rumbled through.
Yeah you can hear the things crashing in the restaurant you could hear people screaming as they tried to take cover or find some safety.
And then shortly after that if you sorta got your wits about you we started hearing the sirens police going in every direction ambulances trying to respond to the flurry of calls that they got after this huge earthquake.
And then we saw fire off into the distance and we know of at least one structure that was destroyed weve heard about a few other fires caused likely due to gas lines ruptures.
And a big part of that because of those fires and because of the uneasiness from residents some are choosing to sleep outside and they slept outside last night.
We just caught up with one resident we asked her how shes gonna be sort of living her life moving forward take a listen.
If it happens it happens.
But Im not gonna sit around and wait for it and not do anything I cant do that.
Ive sat on the bench in our picnic area for two nights now Im not gonna do that.
Im just gonna get on with life and if it hits it hits.
Theres nothin I can do to stop it theres nothin I can do to forewarn me so I just gotta keep busy so I dont think about it.
And Neil experts warn there will be more aftershocks and there is a chance there could be an even bigger earthquake on the way.
Neil.
Jeff Paul thank you my friend be safe yourself.
Jeff Paul in the middle of all of that.
By the way were keeping an eye on Iran its already threatened to retaliate over one of its tankers seized by the British.
Its warning that its prepared to seize a British tanker.
Then what?
After this.
Announcer From two stories to 20 from ready apps to emergency response from your community to a nationwide network the cleanup specialists at 1800SERVPRO everything under your roof everyone under ours.
Helping to make fire and water damage like it never even happened.
Hi Im Dana Loesch from The Dana Show and I wanna tell you about a really simple thing you can do that helps promote more energy and supports healthy blood pressure levels.
This is SuperBeets and I swear by it.
It gives me more healthy energy to keep up with my hectic schedule and youre gonna love what it does for you too.
I can definitely use a little more energy especially if its from a natural source like beets.
If I had something natural and healthy that gave me energy Id be all in.
Beets contain an essential nutrient that makes them one of the most hearthealthy vegetables in nature.
SuperBeets concentrates that nutrient into superfood crystals.
SuperBeets contains real food that helps increase circulation to get more oxygen flowing throughout your body naturally.
Its supports healthy blood pressure and gives you more healthy energy to make the most of your day.
Announcer Find out how to get a free canister with your first order plus bonus gifts call 18662356901 or go to trysuperbeets.com.
I just mix a teaspoon into a few ounces of water.
Theres the natural apple flavor or black cherry flavor.
It tastes great!
Its really yummy.
Its a good flavor Im surprised.
It doesnt taste like beets at all.
Ill finish this by the way.
Dana What if you had more energy?
Imagine the possibilities.
You feel strong and you feel healthy and you feel like you can accomplish anything.
If Im doing the things that I need to do to give me the energy I feel better not only physically but mentally.
So do something good for your heart your circulation your blood pressure and your energy!
Youll love SuperBeets or your money back.
Announcer Call now and find out how to get a free canister with your first order.
Plus free indicator strips that show how its working and shipping is free too.
This SuperBeets offer isnt available in stores so call or go online right now.
Announcer SuperBeets from Humann order your SuperBeets today call 18662356901 or visit trysuperbeets.com.
Announcer This is the couple who wanted to get away who used Expedia to book the vacation rental which led to the discovery that sometimes a little downtime can lift you right up.
Expedia everything you need to go.
Lets be honest you only talk about your insurance when you complain about it.
Good point.
Thats why Esurance is making the whole experience surprisingly painless so you never have to talk about it unless youre their spokesperson.
Esurance its surprisingly painless.
All right fastmoving developments on Iran right now.
It is demanding the United Kingdom release the oil tanker it seized from Iran its right now I believe in Gibraltar.
This as Iran says it will not negotiate with the U.S.until sanctions are lifted.
With us is a former USS Cole Commander Kirk Lippold and Commander when it rains it pours.
We understand that the President just got off the phone with Theresa May of Britain the soontobe outgoing prime minister of Britain saying that The two countries are closely coordinating responses to whatever Iran is planning and pushing for the full denuclearization separately of North Korea but obviously in contact as to judge what happens next.
You know this region very very well and you know what the Iranians might be considering theyre not adverse to seizing personnel in the region as they did back in 2007 when they stormed a British frigate and I believe held about a dozen men and women captive for a while before releasing them.
So theyre up to that and theyre apparently itching to do that or the same kinda thing.
What do you think?
Well I think Neil its a significant development in the fact that the British decided to seize this tanker.
Clearly it was in violation not just of U.S.sanctions but more importantly EU sanctions with that oil headed towards Syria.
That oil tanker carries two million barrels of oil which equates to about 84 million gallons that was huge for the Syrian regime to be able to support itself and the fact that thats been cut off is good.
What Iran does next?
I think they should choose very wisely because they do not want to accidentally start something that they may not be able to stop or control.
All right we understand I might have misspoke Commander that this conversation between the President and Theresa May was actually yesterday the details about it are only coming to light today.
But they did talk about shared interests in enforcing sanctions on Syria to ensure Iran doesnt obtain a nuclear weapon.
But with the Iranians ready to exceed the uranium production that would make such a thing more likely.
Theyre not payin attention.
Well when you look at it Iran is getting squeezed much quicker and much harsher than they anticipated when President Trump put these sanctions back into place.
If they in fact break the cap that they claim that they have with respect to the amount theyre allowed to have for enriched uranium theyre in violation of the agreement.
That now moves things into a whole different category and as a letter written yesterday by Senators Cruz and Rubio and I believe one other theyre looking and saying now that they violate that agreement were now into the UN category where the snapback sanctions can in fact come into place.
This is now engaging the whole world because Iran is not just against the U.S.at this point now theyre against the world.
And when Iran is doing that theyre gonna find themselves increasingly isolated not just from the U.S. but also our European allies are going to begin to realize that they need to not only support the U.S. but more importantly support the UN in what were doing to ensure that Iran never develops that nuclear weapons capability.
In the meantime everyones waiting to see what they do in response to this UK vessel move.
I was mentioning in 2007 seizing a vessel that the Iranians claim was not in international waters but their waters but when it comes to the Strait of Hormuz or almost anything wet nearby Iran laughs they declare that as their land or their waters.
So how do you even argue for what are internationallyrecognized standards 12 miles from a countrys shore is everybodys water.
Well its a international waterway its recognized under international law.
While the Iranians may make that claim it has absolutely no weight when it comes to that international standard.
So people are going to be able to continue to transit that waterway and if Iran does interfere with it then the international community at that point has an obligation to do whatever it takes diplomatically economically and if necessarily militarily to ensure that the waterway stays open for the pretransit of oil out of the Middle East to keep the worlds economies going.
Commander thank you very very much good chatting with you again.
As always Neil thank you.
All right in the meantime we have not forgotten about the 2020 presidential race a lot of Democrats are already kneedeep in fundraising and a lot of them kneedeep in cash.
Who has the most?
Its a little early in the process but never too early to start picking through the numbers and what they might mean.
To do that Gillian Turner in Washington with the latest.
Hey Gillian.
Hey good morning Neil.
So the competition for funds as you said is stiff this election cycle and it got even tighter among the toptier Democrats during the second quarter of this year according to the new numbers.
Candidates are on deadline to report Q2 to the FEC by July 15th but most made it in under the gun.
Lets take a look.
So far Pete Buttigieg comes in tops at 24.8 million in haul.
Joe Biden up next with 21.5 million.
Then Bernie Sanders with 18 million followed by Kamala Harris with 12 million.
After Harris though the dropoffs pretty steep.
Michael Bennet comes in next with a 2.8 million haul and says Hes feelin the heat.
I havent been running for president for a long time I just got in the race.
So what Im concerned about is making sure that we continue to raise the resources we need to be able to be competitive in the early states of Iowa and New Hampshire.
So these numbers matter Neil because the candidates will all need every dollar they can get in order to make it to round two the next Democratic debates comin up soon.
The other thing the number that matters a lot here popularity Bidens still 10 points out ahead of his Democratic colleagues even after falling a little bit in the polls after the last debate last week.
Neil.
Gillian thank you very very much.
We are keeping trackYou bet.
Of where the candidates are going to be today.
For example Joe Biden we understand is going to be spending a good chunk of time in South Carolina consider a mustwin for him to stabilize a campaign thats been buffeted lately.
Republican South Carolina Senator Tim Scott joining us right now.
Senator good to have you.
Good morning Neil good to be back with you.
Joe Bidens going to be in your beautiful state today.
He has talked to the press since of course that debate where hes been sort of universally panned that he can right the ship hes looking forward not looking backward how does he look in your state on the Democratic side?
You know from my friends on the left they tell me that hes still their preferred choice because their goal is to find the candidate that they think will be the most competitive against our President Trump.
The fact is that I think their goal of keeping Biden as a front runner is an important one for them but Kamala Harris is creeping up.
AfricanAmerican voters are the majority in the Democrat primary and therefore her performance against Joe Biden especially on a racial issue like busing has prompted more folks to start taking a second look at her and she is now gaining within the state.
She has been behind in the AfricanAmerican community which has been quite unusual and interesting.
Joe Bidens legacy as the first vice president of the first AfricanAmerican president has served him well.
But those numbers are startin to show a lot of cracks.
You know as youve reminded in the past Senator I just thought you were talking book about South Carolina in your pride of being the senator there but it has really turned a lot of races in the past hasnt it?
It was there that George Bush put John McCains surge to bed and he went on ultimately to win the Republican nomination in 2000 putting him aside in South Carolina.
We saw something very very similar with Barack Obama an AfricanAmerican who had to win in that state and did handily over Hilary Clinton on his route for the nomination at the time.
Im wondering if it will play a similar role this go round?
I think so I call it the miracle of the mo.
Momentum is a huge factor in politics and the first in the South primary state South Carolina has proven to be the springboard to presidential success on the right as well as the left.
I think since 1980 South Carolinians have chosen the right president on the Republican side all times except for one time.
On the Democrat side theyve had a lot of success as well.
I think South Carolina is poised to make the decision for the Democrats this cycle.
Itll be interesting to see who they choose.
I still think were a long way of course away from 2020 but itll be very interesting to see who will stand toetotoe with President Trump.
I like our odds right now by the way.
I think were in a very good position the economys strong our international relationships are getting stronger our president was very presidential on Fourth of July.
Theres no doubt that when you look at the 2020 election its gonna be a strong powerful matchup but right now Im pretty excited about where we are.
You know Senator its very early and you remind me its very early so dont get fixated on polls but are you surprised given the strength of the economy given the unexpected 224000 job surge in the latest month and all the good things that go with that including markets in and out of alltime highs that the President isnt benefiting more from that?
What do you think is happening?
Well were in a very polarized place from a political perspective called America.
It has been challenging for a very long time its been getting worse incrementally.
Theres no doubt that weve had a lot of distractions from what should be as the old saying goes The economy stupid.
If we focus our attention on the economic progress that weve made especially in the most fragile economic Americans we would be celebrating.
Six million jobs created since the tax reform half of those jobs have been occupied by AfricanAmericans and Hispanics.
We have a lot to celebrate but there have been so many distractions durin this cycle that if we start focusing on the reality of what matters to the average American how much more money am I taking home what is my likelihood for success in this economy can my kids expect a better America than I?
The answer is consistently yes.
The numbers bear that out but the narrative that we hear consistently has nothing to do with the reality it has to do with the rhetoric of Washington.
That is unfortunately distracting a lot of Americans from what is in fact the greatest economy weve seen in more than three decades.
Weve seen more progress in race relations even right now I make this statement more progress in race relations more firsts than weve ever seen.
We should be excited to be Americans and we should be excited to be Americans right now in 2019.
Theres so many distractions trying to divide us because if we stand united we win if are divided we are in jeopardy.
I think were gonna get our act together and I think the left has been selling a rhetoric as if it were reality.
Were gonna be able to discern the difference and create the contrast so that the average American whether they vote for Republicans or not thats not the question is America better off under the conservative principles and policies put in place?
The answer is resoundingly yes.
But do you think the President risked torpedoing that Senator by this ongoing trade riff with China?
Now tariffs have really not had a chance to kick in since so many goods were already on store shelves.
I believe they were going to kick in when stuff midshipment would get to the United States.
So the real impact of that hasnt been felt and the President argues that he likes tariffs anyway that a lot of money is coming in.
But average Americans pay those tariffs and Im wondering if you feel hes out of step with that or out of sync with that and its gonna cost him?
Well I like to break the tariff conversation down into multiple categories.
When you think about China Chinas goal is to steal the future which would imperil American progress.
President Trumps approach with China is a necessary altercation so that we can restore confidence in our workforce and create the best future going forward from a technological standpoint.
The goal for their IP theft is simply to steal the future of work.
Were not gonna let that happen.
So tariffs are worth itI applaudIn that regard to you?
The Presidents approach.
You agree with the Presidents tariffs are worth it to send that message but do you think tariffs are a good thing period that ifNo noIf this isnt settled its gonna boomerang on Republicans?
No question theres no doubt that today if you look at the six or seven states that you were talking about earlier in the show the wage gains in those states that tariffs get put in jeopardy their wage growths have outstripped the wage growths that were celebrating at 3.1.
Some states have had four five 6 wage growth thats exciting news especially in those sectors but the truth is that the overall tariff conversation is not in the best interest of Americans without any question.
I put the asterisk out there for China because its a very different conversation were having.
Were using tariffs in trade as a means of resetting tectonic shift in the plates on our relationships.
But when you think about the USMCA when you think about Europe we have to make sure that we dont go too far.
The 232 auto tariffs is a classic example where I have pushed back because I think they create headwinds throughout the South.
Senator its always a pleasure catching up with you be well.
Thank you sir.
All right Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina joining us out of Mount Pleasant South Carolina.
We mentioned the President he says hes looking into using an executive order to get that citizenship question back on the 2020 Census.
Now forget about your politics is that even legal?
After this.
Any time Philly plays New York its a like a lit fuse.
Only a matter of time before we get the fireworks.
Led by one of the games biggest stars Bryce is ready to make his mark on this rivalry.
Commentator Absolutely crushed!
Announcer The other by a rookie phenom with power you have to see to believe.
Commentator Alonzo gets into one!
Gone!
Announcer Phillies Mets tonight at 700 Eastern on FOX and the FOX Sports App.
Meeting people is my life.
I had to be careful how wide I would open my mouth because I was embarrassed to show my teeth.
It was time to do something for myself that was gonna be permanent.
Announcer The ClearChoice one day approach is making dental implants a reality for people all over the country who suffer from missing or failing teeth.
I felt like I was the most important person on Earth to them.
Bill came in bad teeth discomfort pain.
We needed to get him into a smile that he felt confident in.
We have expertise that he might not find anywhere else all in one location.
Bill The next day I had a new smile.
Couldnt wait to show some folks its amazing what a smile can do for a person.
Announcer Discover why this is so much more than another dental procedure its a true lifechanger.
With over 30000 new smiles and counting were lifting spirits and confidence all over America.
Schedule your free consultation today well even talk about financing options.
Bill Im eatin corn on the cob.
I had the best smile Id ever had in my life.
Announcer Call ClearChoice today.
Announcer While serving overseas in 2007 Staff Sergeant Mark Lallis helicopter went down in a lifealtering crash.
Of the 11 onboard only five of us survived.
I had to relearn how to speak how to eat and how to walk.
How to do things that we all take for granted every day.
Announcer Thankfully Wounded Warrior Project was there for support.
One of the first events with Wounded Warrior Project that I was involved with I met my future wife.
The first time she was over at the house she saw my walker and she said Hey do you use that?
I said If we ever get to the point where were gonna get married Ill be on my feet I promise you that.
When he told me he was gonna walk down the aisle it made me feel special and flattered.
I just knew I was gonna marry him.
I had to work as hard as I could for as long as I had to in order to make that happen.
Im so thankful for Wounded Warrior Project for getting me where I could meet my future wife and walk down the aisle for her.
Gave me a life worth living.
Being detected was not an option.
If I was recognized the whole operation was blown.
The element of surprise was imperative.
Wow laughs he wont even recognize you!
Seriously I dont even recognize myself!
laughs And thanks to my cashRewards credit card from Navy Federal with never expiring rewards its gonna be a killer honeymoon!
Soldier Woo Maui!
Boom!
Announcer Navy Federal Credit Union our members are the mission.
Reporter Are you going to issue an executive order on the census?
Were thinking about doing that its one of the ways.
We have four or five ways we can do it.
We can also add an addition on so we can start the printing now and maybe do an addendum after we get a positive decision.
So were working on a lot of things including an executive order.
All right the President says hes looking into ways of adding that citizenship question after all to the census including as he said there an executive order.
Would that hold up in court?
Its not quite that black and white but who better to pick it apart than attorney extraordinaire Mercedes Colwin.
Hi Neil.
So as I understand Mercedes the Supreme Court didnt reject the argument as much as say the administration through the Commerce Department didnt give it a compelling enough case right?
And didnt really give the explanation.
So Im going to step back to 2013 because they had a similar case regarding the Voting Rights Act.
It had nothing to do with the census or the citizenship issue but it had to do with that law.
Chief Justice Roberts who was the Chief Judge then said were gonna step away.
The federal governments gonna step away and let the states deal with the electoral process they can do the legislation at the local level.
So basically the governance on the Federals part step back.
Now 2019 now the federal government steps in and says hey we want to help with respect to the Voting Rights Act which what it did was made sure that the individuals could vote regardless of discrimination.
If you go back decades ago thats where it germinated.
It started with allowing individuals to vote regardless of their race.
Well now so the Chief Judge Roberts says why are you going back to the Voting Rights Act which we already ruled in 2013 let the states deal with it why is the Federal government stepping in now in 2019 and say well were going to assist in the promulgation of the Voting Rights Act make sure that its enforced properly make sure that theres no discrimination make sure that the districts that have a high number of individuals that are of color or have the appropriate numbers of representation in Congress when weve already ruled that the states can deal with this?
So what kindSo thatsOf compelling argumentThe difference on this.
Do they need to make to win over this particular judge who has to be won over?
Sure frankly just step forward and say look we wanna look at the districting.
Just come straight out and say Its not so much discrimination because we know Chief Judge that your ruled on letting the local government deal with this in 2013 were looking to make sure that theres appropriate levels of representation.
So if their districts and this is what a lot of the DOJ members have been writing about in these opeds have said Why dont you just come forward and say hey we might need this.
We might need greater numbers of representation but in order for there to be greater numbers of representation in Congress or less we need to know how many U.S.citizens are in particular jurisdictions around the country.
So why wasnt there a tenth the fuss when the question was taken out?
Cause it used to be a staple in the census then it was taken out under the Obama administration.
I dont remember anyone saying boo then so why is it a big deal putting it back in?
Well I think what Chief Judge wanted someone to come forward and say hey it was about districting and yes were gonna talk not only about the districting issue and how much its also the infrastructure.
Youve got 980 billion thatSo theyre thinkingYoure going to giveThere might be somethingAround the country.
Sinister afoot here and they wanna prove or disprove that.
Exactly especially in the history of the Voting Rights Act back in 2013.
I thinkThats interesting.
If youve got the same Chief Judge so hes looking and sayingI didnt know that.
Just come forward.
Can I say a quick hi to my mom?
Shes watching hi Roslyn!
Love ya Mom!
Thats nice.
Was it Roslyn shes a very smart woman.
Roslyn Stern shes amazing!
She is indeed.
All right Mercedes thank you very very much.
Tom Homan the former acting ICE Director his read on all of this and what this means if the President cant get that question in.
After this.
Uhoh looks like someones still nervous about buyin a new house.
Is it that obvious?
Yes it is.
You know maybe youd worry less if you got Geico to help with your homeowners insurance.
I didnt know Geico helps with homeowners insurance.
Yeah theyve been doin it for years.
What are you doin?
Big Steve?
Thanks man.
There he is.
Announcer Get to know Geico and see how much you could save on homeowners and renters insurance.
Introducing Nutrisystems July Fourth Sale!
Save 50 yes 50.
Announcer Its your favorite foods made healthier!
Perfectly balanced to put your body in fatburning mode.
Lose up to 13 pounds and seven inches overall in your first month.
Im Marie and I lost 50 pounds with Nutrisystem.
I lost 60 pounds with Nutrisystem.
I lost 30 pounds with Nutrisystem.
Count measure meetings not with Nutrisystem.
Announcer Order your 28day plan right now.
Youll get speciallydesigned meals.
The food comes right to your door and it tastes great.
You get the right foods in the right portions so youll learn how to keep the weight off.
Announcer Plus one week of highprotein shakes with probiotics to help shrink your belly free!
Theres even a moneyback guarantee.
Announcer For a limited time save 50 off every program.
Grab this special offer right now and start losing today!
Announcer Go online or call 877236FIT9 right now to save 50!
Man Who!
I like to plan my activities before I take a trip so by the time I get there I can just enjoy the ride!
With TripAdvisor its easy to discover over 100000 bookable things to do.
From walking tours in Rome to wine tastings in Tuscany and if you like what you see you can book it with ease.
Just another way TripAdvisor helps you make your trip a masterpiece!
Who!
Owl Read reviews check hotel prices book things to do TripAdvisor.
Announcer Tonight its Fourth of July weekend and Jesse wants you to know what makes America great.
Dean Cain and Charlie Kirk join the show for a discussion you cant miss on Watters World.
Announcer On INSP Channel 364 this summerLets make some music!
Announcer Belongs to the Duke.
Youre drawing quite a crowd.
Announcer Tomorrow at 200.
Against impossible odds theyll uphold the law.
John Wayne Dean Martin Ricky Nelson and Angie Dickinson starHell live through it.
Now you do the same.
Announcer Rio Bravo tomorrow at 200 p.m.Look out!
Announcer John Wayne movies all month long.
Dont miss The Duke Days of Summer.
Come and get it boy!
Announcer On INSP Channel 364.
Announcer Get ready for this summers biggest turbocharged blockbuster.
You ready buddy?
Announcer Battle of the 80s Super Cars with David Hasselhoff featuring a race between the Hoff Erik Estrada and Dirk Benedict.
Evel Live 2 with Axell Hodges Vicki Golden plus Chuck Norris Epic Guide to Military Vehicles.
Horse power and fire power.
Announcer Car Week begins tomorrow at 800 on History.
All right weve Tom Homan here the former acting ICE director hes gonna talk about this push the administration has to go through with these deportations more on that in a sec.
But I did wanna give Tom a chance to respond to what Mercedes Colwin was talking about regarding of this question in the census that the administration wants to push by executive order to make sure you can still ask are you a legal citizen of the United States.
Where do you think this is going Tom?
Well I hope the administration succeeds in it for a couple of reasons.
Number one dont we wanna know how many illegal aliens are in the United States?
I mean if theyre talking about immigration reform free medical care pathways to citizenship for people here illegally for a while dont we wanna know what that population is?
I think thatd be the basis of makin some of these decisions.
And second of all I dont think representation in the House of Representatives or the Electoral College that elects our president should be based on people who are here illegally.
So I think its good for a couple of reasons.
So let me switch gears a little bit here.
Regardless of how that works the administration still says its going to pursue these deportations legal deportations the kind that went under Barack Obama in cases already adjudicated and judged All right you have to go back to Mexico or Honduras or Guatemala wherever and its going to start soon the President didnt indicate how soon.
How do you think thats going to go?
Look its going to be controversial but I think it needs to be done.
Its not a question should it be done it has to be done.
And as you said Neil I did this when I was the executive associate director at ICE.
I ran a national operation called Operation Border Guarding back in 2015 when we went and sought out those who had final orders specifically family units and we arrested some family units had final orders by an immigration judge we put em on airplanes and sent em home and the borders numbers went down because we showed theres a consequence to deterrence.
If a final order by an immigration judge after due process doesnt mean anything then theres no integrity in the system just open the border up and let everybody in because theres no consequence anymore theres no law theres no rule governing who can come in who can come into the United States legally.
Tom what do you do for the illegals here and protected in sanctuary cities towns or states?
Theyre gonna do everything in their power these cities towns or states to makes sure that the Feds cant get in there.
Well theyre not gonna stops the Feds from doin their job.
Look they can not assist which theyve done or they do what the Oakland mayor did and give em a heads up ICE is in town but the men and womenBut thats illegalWho are in ICE are gonna do their job.
The heads up is an illegal act right?
Not only that but you know you had a congressman the other day OcasioCortez talkin about how people should take em into their homes.
Look aiding and abetting harboring an illegal aliens a felony so you know ICE is goin to take this seriously.
These peopleve had their due process at great tax payer expense.
Theyve been ordered by a judge to go home and if you and I can ignore a judges order what would happen to us Neil?
This has to be done.
As controversial as it is if we dont do it then we might as well just blow the whole system up and open the border up because we have no security we have no sovereignty we have no rule over all the country anymore.
If people wanna step in the way of ICE then look for further action from ICE.
Its a crime to impede federal law enforcement officers.
The laws on your side in this case Tom theres no doubt about that but of course images can play havoc in the middle of this.
The reason why Im thinkin Im old enough to remember the Elian Gonzalez case when he was seized from a home and ultimately sent back to Cuba.
And was those images legal as they were to retrieve him that stuck in Americans heads during the Clinton administration.
Thats going to be inevitable the images of ICE agents rammin on doors to try to get people say All right youre arrested you have to go back how is that all gonna go down?
Well look to those people who are gonna push that message I think you need to ask em a question What is your option?
What do you wanna do?
Because if theres no integrity in the system if people can come here to the Unites States they can enter illegally and get to stay forever cause were not brave enough to enforce the law thats gonna send a bad message to the rest of the world come here violate our laws the facilities will still be overcrowded.
If the message we wanna send to the rest of the world is come here with a child you can even have due process at great tax payer expense billions of dollars and when the Federal judge orders you removed you dont have to leave because its uncomfortable to arrest you and make you leave then were never gonna solve the border crisis.
And this isnt just about enforcin the law Neil this is about saving lives.
Children are dying entering this country 31 of women are being raped.
We gotta send the message its not okay and were bankrollin criminal organizations that are smuggling these people.
Its just not about enforcin laws its about saving lives and takin money out of criminal organizations hands.
Its the right thing to do as sad as unfortunate sometimes enforcin law is it doesnt mean we ignore it.
Id be remiss if I didnt mention these Facebook postings of a present maybe former CBP workers who had disparaging comments they made about those who they were protecting at these facilities towards those who visited them.
Do you believe its proven that many of them said the things they were alleged to have said that they should be terminated?
I wanna wait and see what the investigation shows but Ive been told that from my sources theres only several people that posted things to that extreme.
And of course they need to be dealt with thats not the border patrol I know and I think it distracts from the fine work the border patrols are doin.
But Ill say this at what point when you go to work every day youre being called a Nazi a racist that youre makin women drink outta toilets which is total crap and when you go to work and you hear these things you get beaten down every day you get pushed in the corner every day at what point does your spirit get broken you may do some things that you probably shouldnt have done?
Im not makin excuses for anybody but these men and women of the border patrol theyre doin a great job in a very difficult circumstances and the vast vast majority of em are doin the right thing for their nation and if a few people step outta line they should be dealt with absolutely.
All right Tom Holman thank you very very much.
Good seeing you again.
Tom Good seeing you Neil.
All right to show ya that this is indeed a worldwide problem again those who tried to flee to safer shores an Italian rescue ship with 46 migrants on board has docked in the Italian port city of Lampedusa against an explicit ban on refugees.
This isnt just in this country folks this is world wide.
More after this.
When I book at hilton.com I get to select my room from the floor plan free WiFi and the price match guarantee.
So with Hilton there is no catch.
laughs Yeah the only catch is Im never leaving.
No Im serious I live here now.
Book at hilton.com and get the Hilton Price Match Guarantee.
What if there was something that can reduce body fat boost mood get rid of wrinkles tighten saggy skin and make you look and feel decades not years but decades younger?
Im talking about human growth hormone or HGH.
Finally theres SeroVital.
Announcer In a clinical trial SeroVital has been shown to boost your HGH naturally up to an astonishing 682.
SeroVital gave me my youth back.
Announcer SeroVital available at ULTA and smarter retailers nationwide.
Look cleaning the outside of your windows is a real chore.
And who wants to climb a dangerous ladder just to get to the second floor?
Not anymore!
Hi Jon Florell the Fuller Brush man and this is Full Crystal from the Fuller Brush Company.
The fastest easiest way to clean all of your windows in minutes not days.
Just add the cleaning crystals attach it to any garden hose and away ya go!
The secret is in the Fuller cleaning crystals that dissolve dust dirt pollen and grime in no time!
And heres the best part you dont have to remove your screens because Full Crystal cleans them too!
Watch what Im gonna do.
This screen may look clean but look how Full Crystal blasts away the dust pollen dirt and grime while it cleans your window at the same time.
And thatll save you a ton of time!
Look even with the ladder you couldnt reach that window.
But with the Full Crystal power sprayer you can clean windows up to 27 feet high.
Simply aim spray and walk away leaving your windows spot free streak free and with both feet securely on the ground.
For a clean so clear your windows will virtually disappear!
Plus its completely safe for all of your plants lawns shrubs and flowers.
Call or go online now to order the complete Full Crystal system with enough cleaning crystals for up to 20 windows for the factory direct price of just 19.99.
But order right now and well double the cleaning crystals enough for up to 40 windows just pay a separate fee.
Fuller Cleaning Crystal are made in the USA and remember its from the Fuller Brush Company so your satisfaction is 100 guaranteed.
Call or go online to buyfullcrystal.com.
Thats buyfullcrystal.com.
And ask about Full Exterior to easily clean dirt and grime from all around the exterior of your house in no time.
Order now!
We need to talk.
You and I are busy people and some days theres just not enough time am I right?
Well Takl helps you make time for what you love and find help for what you dont.
Simply download Takl and choose the prepriced job that you need and voila an approvedprovider is at your doorstep the same day.
So whether its assembling furniture or just mowing the yard Takl is the proven solution that fits your schedule.
Thats Takl.
With all that USAA offers why go with anybody else?
We know their rates are good we know that theyre always gonna take care of us.
It was an instant savings and I shoulda changed a long time ago.
Were the Tenneys and were USAA members for life.
Announcer Call USAA to start saving on insurance today.
Chris Theyre gonna come after you.
Joe Sure theyre gonna come after me.
Were you prepared for them you to come after you?
I was prepared for them to come after me but I wasnt prepared for the person coming at me the way she came at.
All right Joe Biden trying to explain his awful performance in that debate and Kamala Harris going too far too quickly especially raising a busing issue that goes back to the 1970s.
Now his supporters are questioning if he wasnt prepared for that is he prepared for the job of President of the United States at all?
All In Together CEO Lauren Leader back with us Republican strategist Joseph Pinon and the host of Sincerely Kat on FOX Nation Kat Timf.
So Lauren let me ask you it just seems like a lot of excuse making here.
sighs You know you ask two questions Is he prepared to be president?
and I think he certainly is incredibly qualified but thats not how you get to be president.
I mean the fact is that there are 25 candidates that are gonna come after him.
Sitting at the top of the polls is actually not a great place to be this early on because it opens up a million doors to scrutinize every piece of his record.
And look younger voters are paying very close attention to this younger voters and women particularly are really watching to askNeil Has he lost them since this debate?
No I dont think hes lost them but I think hes gonna have a serious enthusiasm problem if he cant turn some of this around.
And I think thats what candidates like Harris and others saw as an opening this sort of tone deafness on some issues that are very powerful and real for younger voters for minority voters for women voters.
He has a very strong support in the AfricanAmerican community hes polling super well in places like South Carolina but I think she wants to chip away at that and thats exactly why she went after him on that particular issue.
Joseph the President has not said much about Kamala Harris and normally that could be a sign hes worried or it could be that he hopes that Joe Biden rights the ship because hes got all these monikers like Sleepy JoeSleepy Joe.
And all this other stuff.
But what is goin there?
Look I think that the President recognizes as most of us do that if youre talkin about strictly demographics Joe Biden causes the greatest threat to his pathway to reelection.
I think what a lot of peopleNeil What did he keep stumbling like this?
All of a sudden hes not such a threat.
Well I think look he has to come out swingin I think that in order to hold on to his support particularly in communities of color he actually must be prepared to lose it.
I think that that means that he has to protect his record and not that Im givin them advice but say to look for the record busing didnt work weve got schools today that theyre more segregated than they were during Jim Crow South.
You know he has to be prepared to say that this woman who is a senator who I have respect for came out with an attack on an issue which she basically agrees with me on for the purpose of selling tshirts.
Kat Just needs to be prepared period.
I just dontAnd he wasnt.
I dont understandHe was prepared for questions about whether you pal around with segregationists but apparently not for busing.
What was he doing then?
Because if you think about it back then hes been out there a little bit more lately but right before the debates he wasnt making public appearances he was doing I dont know because he didnt look prepared for the debate either.
I dont know if he was watchin cat videos on the internet or playin Candy Crush takin naps I dont know but I dont understand why you wouldnt be preparedNeil Wouldnt that be cool if he wasHe wasLike up there and actually playing Candy Crush.
Maybe hes addicted to Candy Crush.
Maybe I just figured it out and thats why he did so poorly.
I dont know but I would think that if you were gonna be in front of millions of people watching you youd wanna do your homework.
Just to not embarrass yourself.
In fairness look hes has a lifetime of experience and Im sure he countedHe admitted he wasnt prepared though.
On that.
And he admitted he wasntHe admitted that.
Look he clearly had a bad night.
The reality is is it is incredibly difficult to sit at the top of the polls when youve got 24 people behind you chasing you and who are gonna dig into every piece of his recordCause look at Jeb Bush he was at the topYeah I meanOf the polls and it evaporated.
It not a good placePlease clap.
To be this early.
Yeah I mean please clap.
I mean he sorta had that moment.
Its not a place to be and Ive said from the beginning I think his numbers are gonna continue to fall before they come back up.
Look Democrats have an enormous field of choices an enormous set of issues to explore.
There is a whole new generation of voters who dont have the history with him that dont feel a set of connections with himYeah they dont know it and like a passing ship in the night.
One of the things he saidThey dont.
Listen the key to this election its not just about the primary vote right whats gonna turn 2020 for the Democrats is going to be enthusiasm and energy of new voters Gen Z Gen YAnd they dont have it for him.
Women and people of color they have no history with him.
Let me ask you about where the path of the party lies and Joe Biden was saying of Representative Alexandria OcasioCortez Ill ask you about this Joe Shes bright and brilliant but too far left.
In other words saying our gains have come from more moderate victories and hes right.
Of the 40 I guess who were elected to the House I think 32 fit the moderate label that might be overgeneralizing it and not the OcasioCortez label.
But did in so saying that did he kinda bury himself?
No I think that hes speakin the truth.
Now having said that that give him some trepidations and difficulties getting through this primary process but the fact remains is that only people who are talkin about this Democratic party expanding left faster than the universe expands are people who live in districts that they couldnt lose even if they are runnin against a guy whoNeil So you are arguing that he when he says hes worried about the party moving too too far left and promises Medicareforall college education college debt rights for illegals and all that that that isnt even in sync with his Democratic base?
I would say that its 100 the fact that hes basically on the post of the party more so than what AOCs talkin about.
Thats why hes the frontrunner in spite of his performance.
I dont know if thats true.
I dont know I dont know about that because look at after the debates he lost so much support and Elizabeth Warren gained a lot of support and she is very very progressive.
Plus we also know that primary voters tend to be more progressive than people votin in general elections so we might wind up with theWell Republican primary voters tend to be more conservative in that right?
Absolutely yes.
Hes tryin to run a general election during a primary and thatsAnd he hasnt won it yet.
And he hasnt won it yet.
He tried to equivocate on that in the CNN interview that he doesnt want to be presumptuous et cetera which he clearlyWell you want the Democrat to win whoever it is right?
So do you get concerned that they could be spoiling it for themselves offering things and promises and proposals that even the Democratic voter in this country doesnt support?
You know I really dont I dont and I dont because I think look what is the point of a primary in an environment like this?
Its a battle of ideas.
Ultimately theres gonna be ideas far to the left somewhere in the middle and then theyre gonna land somewhere thats more in line with the American people but I think its a valuable process.
Thats why I actually I dont agree with a lot of the people on the left who say we need to cull the field so quickly.
There is a benefit to the whole country when youve got a lot of really qualified experienced people debating a whole set of ideas about the future of the country.
So I think it will swing back towards the center as we get closer to the nomination but I think hes wrong to sort of hold this.
Kats right hes gonna alienate a lot of the people that he really needs to turn out for him in the primaries if hes gonna win.
I disagree.
I think that again Joe Biden is playin a game right now where he believes thats hes goin to depend on reliable voters.
Reliable voters are older voters theyre older black voters those are the people that hes talkin to his performance notwithstandin.
I think that he fell because he didnt do a very good job.
He had a bad night.
He kinda stunk.
Kat An understatement that he didnt do a very good job.
Neil Maybe hes just a lousy candidate.
But I think if you look at it if look at Elizabeth Warren rising I think that shes rising not on the strength of Joe Biden but on the strengths of the fact that people remember remember it now that she is the original person when it comes to those trillion dollar giveaways she is the one with the plans towards Bernies rhetoric and I think that you see Kamala Harris going after Biden because she realizes that her path to getting more money and her path to actually rise in the polls goes directly through Joe Biden.
Well thats the danger of bein on top right.
Yep.
The danger of bein on top.
Guys I wanna thank you thank you for coming in on a very hot Saturday we appreciate that.
In the meantime do any of you remember maybe Im old enough just to read the history books when Franklin Roosevelt was trying to pack the Supreme Court?
Is this president trying to do the same with the Federal Reserve?
We connect you decide.
Announcer From two stories to 20 from ready apps to emergency response from your community to a nationwide network the cleanup specialists at 1800SERVEPRO everything under your roof everyone under ours.
Helping to make fire and water damage like it never even happened.
Announcer These days you cant go anywhere without your phone in your hand.
So to keep it secure when your hands are busy WeatherTech invented the CupFone.
With removable cups the CupFone fits any size cup holder and adjusts to secure virtually any sized phone.
Tilts for perfect viewing even allows easy access while charging.
So if youre driving boating or even golfing it fits perfectly.
Whatever you drive whatever phone you have CupFone is the perfect fit.
Order your Americanmade CupFone today at weathertech.com.
Announcer Inflammation may cause everyday joint discomfort.
Turmeric supports healthy inflammation response due to physical overexertion.
Qunol provides superior absorption compared to regular tumeric.
Qunol the better turmeric.
Music When you have nausea heartburn indigestion Music Music Upset stomach Music Music Diarrhea Music Announcer Try new Pepto liquid caps for fast relief and ultra coating.
Music Nausea heartburn indigestion Music Music Upset stomach diarrhea Music Announcer Get powerful relief with new PeptoBismol liquid caps.
Announcer Their quest for a record fourth World Cup comes down to the final.
Commentator Header!
Goal!
Announcer Its now all or nothing for the Stars and Stripes as Megan Rapinoe and Alex Morgan lead the U.S.Unstoppable!
Against the Netherlands.
Commentator Spectacular!
Announcer The reigning champs put their legacy on the line.
Commentator Goal!
Announcer One last time.
The World Cup final coverage begins tomorrow at 10 a.m.Eastern on FOX and the FOX Sports App.
Announcer This is the couple who wanted to get away who used Expedia to book the vacation rental that led to the ride which took them to the place where they discovered that sometimes a little downtime can lift you right up.
Flights hotels cars activities vacation rentals Expedia everything you need to go.
All right I dont think the President is still a fan of the Federal Reserve blasting in a twopart Tweet saying in part Strong jobs report low inflation and other countries around the world doing anything possible to take advantage of the United States knowing that our Federal Reserve doesnt have clue!
They raised rates too soon too often and tightened while others did just the opposite.
Then to rub a little more salt in the wound saying that Our most difficult problem is not our competitors it is the Federal Reserve!
Joining me now the former Fed nominee and Heritage Foundation Chief Economist Steve Moore.
He will not let go of this is that hurting him?
What do you think?
Well let me start by saying this when I was driving in this morning Neil I was thinking that I think you and I are about the same age this may be the best economy weve seen in our lifetime.
And when youve got the lowest unemployment rate in 50 years youve got no inflation you got rising wages you got 7 12 million more jobs than people to fill them the stock market is now officially up 50 since Donald Trump was electedSo hes blaming the Fed that it could be a lot higher and by the way I had no idea you were 39 touche.
But what do you make of thatYoure a little younger than I am!
laughs He just wont let go.
But no look the reason I say that Neil as prefaced your question isnt it about time we started giving this guy the benefit of the doubt.
I mean I remember during the campaign workin for Trump and people said if Donald Trump is elected were gonna get us a second Great Depression now we got the best economy in 50 years.
And so I think Trump Ive talked to him so many times about this Neil he is frustrated by the Fed.
Thats one of the reasons he nominated me I think the Fed is too tight as well.
I think that the FedNeil Well now hes naming two peopleI know Judy ShelThe interpretation is that theyll do his bidding and that they agree with him what do you think of that?
They share his vision of the economy.
Heres the problem with the Fed and this has been a problem not just recently but for 30 years.
The Fed believes that if you get too many people working too much growth wages rising somehow they have to snuff that out.
And Donald Trump from the first time I met him he said Were gonna get this economy moving at three to 4 per year way up from what we had under Obama and his frustration is Neil every time we get a good jobs report or every time the growth comes up where wages rise the Fed wants to pull it back.
I think thats wrongheaded we can grow this economy without inflation faster and Trump is right about thisDo you worry though and I get where youre coming and I get where the Presidents coming he was proven right on that demands to the Fed when he did because they did go too farThats exactly right!
But having said that does he recognize how weird it sounds to love a robust economy and a strong jobs report and still advocate for lower rates?
Its like an oxymoron.
No it isnt.
We think the economy can grow even faster.
I mean the economy probably in the second quarter were only gonna get about 2 growth.
The economy should be growing at three to four by the way if he gets that trade deal done with China and he gets the rate cut from the Fed that we want in July if you think the economys strong now wait until that happens.
So we just have a different model in mind.
We think the capacity of the U.S.economy to grow faster for more jobs to be created more people in the workforce is a lot faster.
I mean remember Larry Summers who was Bill Clinton and Barack Obamas economist before the election said The topmost growth we can get in this country is 2.
remember that second year stagnationNeil No youre absolutely right youre absolutely right.
And were saying no were throwin that model out!
We gonna grow this economy faster its gonna have a very positive effect.
By the way low inflation low unemployment and how bout that 50 increase in the stock market thats 10 trillion of new wealth!
Since he was elected thats very true.
There ya go.
All right Steve Moore great wisdom for a 39yearold man I appreciate that.
Have a great weekend my friend.
Have a great weekend.
You too.
Steve Moore.
All right a lot more coming up after this and then ask this question millennials leaving cities so financially tight that they cant make it in the big city.
What is that saying?
After this.
Man With my Hepatitis C I felt I couldnt be at my best for my family.
In only eight weeks with MAVYRET I was cured and left those doubts behind.
Female I faced reminders of my Hep C every day but in only eight weeks with MAVYRET I was cured.
Man Even hanging with friends I worried about my Hep C but in only eight weeks with MAVYRET I was cured.
Announcer MAVYRET is the only eightweek cure for all common types of Hep C.Before starting MAVYRET your doctor will test if youve had Hepatitis B which may flare up and cause serious liver problems during and after treatment.
Tell you doctor if youve had Hepatitis B a liver or kidney transplant other liver problems HIV1 or other medical conditions and all medicines you take including herbal supplements.
Dont take MAVYRET with atazanavir or rifampin or if youve had certain liver problems.
Common side effects include headache and tiredness.
With Hep C behind me I feel free.
Fearless.
And theres no looking back because I am cured.
Announcer Talk to your doctor about MAVYRET.
Announcer The China threat.
They want to be a global superpower at our expenseAnnouncer So whats Americas next move to keep the country in check?
Josh Hawley reacts on The Next Revolution.
Narrator For those who gaze up at starry skies and ponder the vastness before them asking why where and how this is CuriosityStream where you can stream incredible documentaries from the best filmmakers anywhere in the world.
Long live the curious.
Are you looking for a trustworthy publishing company to publish your book?
Covenant Books is an authorfriendly publisher who shares your passion and beliefs.
Call us today and well send you a free author packet to help get you started.
Announcer Call 8006783402.
Announcer I bet youve never seen a bed like this!
Its the new Craftmatic Legacy Rising Pillow Rest Adjustable Bed featuring bedside power plugs underbed night lights and more.
For less up to 50 less than TempurPedic Sleep Number and other adjustables.
Call now you gotta see how little they cost!
Mom was diagnosed with Alzheimers at 58 years old.
Woman This disease just ravages a family.
It changes your life.
If we work together we can stop this epidemic.
Now is the moment.
Woman Contact BrightFocus and learn more.
Announcer Names matter your name the name youve made for yourself and the name of the company you represent.
Thats why at 4imprint every name and logo is printed with certainty.
Right the first time on time every time at a great price guaranteed.
Because when you have passion integrity and certainty the only name theyll remember is yours.
Explore thousands of promotional products at 4imprint.com.
4imprint for certain.
No wrong move!
Oldfashioned bandages get dirty they can let in water and germs!
Look its falling off!
NewSkin is the flexible liquid bandage that seals out the bad stuff.
Theres a spray too!
Announcer NewSkin rethink how you heal.
Theyre young and restless and now fleeing the big cities.
In a new report of the Wall Street Journal it shows millennials are getting out of the big cities to escape the rising cost of living.
So is cheaper housing worth the switch to the subs or suburbs?
Back with us now is Erin Gibbs Jonas Max Ferris Deirdre Bolton city residents all.
laughs I dont even know if thats the case.
Erin what do ya think of this?
Well I think thisll be good for logistic companies because theyre gonna order everything from Amazon still so I think thatll be my stock market play.
Its gonna be great for FedExI love that about you you just find a way how can I profit off this disturbing trend?
Jonas what do you think?
Is that where the parents basements are?
Is that why theyreTheyve moved up to the attic.
I mean look I feel bad for millennials because these cities their wealth is increasing faster than their salaries.
Theyre entrylevel workers in many cases and they dont make enough to keep up with the rising rents because all the tech workers and finance workers can pay higher rents.
So its a tough situation but I dont think theyre being creative enough.
I do hear some stories about 1200 pods theyre moving into and like more unique things living in vans and boats and they need to get creative.
You cant just run from the city thats where the income and the jobs are and theyre gonna try to save money and be commuting three hours a day which isnt a good solution either.
In fairness the income inequality really is growing.
I mean were sort of at a period in time that I think hasnt been the same since the late 1920s so I actually feel bad for this group of kids too.
Most of them do have student debt and we know outside of mortgage debt this is actually the biggest chunk that Americans are carrying.
So there are a lot of factors and I think youre right its still expensive to live in cities which is why sometimesI wonder whether they take that frustration out at the polls if its palpable to the degree you say it is right?
Well I think that is part of Senator Sanders appeal or other leftist candidates especially that student debt forgiveness.
I mean if you ignore how laughs were gonna pay for it or any of the logistics behind thatNeil Tax Jonas.
I think that message resonates for a reason.
I think its a matter of whether they show up to the polls though cause we do see consistently low rates in actually voting.
So they may have a very large voice but whether that actually carries forward to the votes is a whole nother story.
Do you think their frustrations are justifiable though that theyre really going through something here that we as a nation have to pay attention to?
If theyre leaving the city to this degree.
Im not clear I havent decided yet.
I havent seen a big enough economic shift at least in the markets where we dont see them not spending.
Theyre still buying the iPhones theyre stillAnd I see a lot of young people here in the cityYes so Im still saying were still seeing the consumer spending so maybe I think it maybe its more of a value shift.
I dont see that consumer spending is suddenly dropping off from millennials they still contribute an enormous amount to the economy.
So I think its a matter of value where they dontWell they buy all the streaming services right?
Wanna pay for rent but theyll pay the streaming services.
So from a Wall Street perspective I dont see them doing as poorly.
Theyre spending money.
You know its funny the people that vote are the people in the rentcontrolled apartments that arent even working anymore or theyre retired.
These are apartments they moved in the 60s in New York theyre paying 200 a month rent hogging up space that peopleMakes me cry yeah.
Who work have to commute two hours.
So its actually a failed liberal policy that has driven millennials outBut thats kind of a New York phenomenon not exclusively right?
San Francisco you would think its an old 60s relic but I believe in Portland Oregon they just added rent control like thats a solution to this.
That only increases the problem later but it takes a while and it seems like a thing people vote for.
But in those hot cities especially for tech I saw something online and it was a shack you would not leave a dog in and it was on a 14 of an acre and it was 1.5 million but because it was in San Francisco.
So I do think its hard for millennials to come up with 200000 to put down as a down payment in a house or an apartment in New York City San Francisco obviously there are cheaper citiesBut isnt this risingAustin Texas.
Economic tide lifting all boats or no?
For the most part it is.
In fact we see that when it comes to wage growth when it comes to unemployment particularly with minorities.
Weve seen just a massive rise and more so with some of the hardest hit demographics minority women minorities in general have had some of the greatest rises.
So I think overall were doing really well and millennials are just I think theyre really just shifting their values.
They dont wanna pay as much money for the cities they dont wanna pay as much rentNeil Yeah theyve been burntBut they still buy 100000 iPhones.
But theyve been burnt by the meltdown they remember what their parents went through and may be very cautious.
Guys I wanna thank you very much for comin in on a very hot humid Saturday in the middle of July.
By the way we have the EPA Administrator Andrew Wheeler joining us on Your World 400 p.m.Eastern time.
Also on FOX Business were looking at the same issues we did here about why the young are feeling restless and what happens to them and how this election could shape their minds.
All of that comin up next week FOX continuesUsing Ebates Ive earned 756.28.
Ive made close to 2000.
Ebates basically gets a commission from the stores that you shop at and then they share the commission with you.
Every store that you shop at will be on Ebates.
Its free its fun its super simple and its safe why wouldnt I use it?
Sign up for Ebates get cash back its awesome.
Announcer Sign up for free shop at your favorite stores get paid.
Join today and get a 10 bonus at ebates.com.
Announcer Are you dermaplaning yet?
Your skin is just so much smoother and clearer and makeup goes on perfectly.
My skin looks younger and healthier.
My skin is instantly brighter its amazing.
Announcer Now you can bring professionalstyle dermaplaning into your home with Flawless DermaPlane Glo the new exfoliating device from Finishing Touch that instantly transforms your skin to a more radiant youngerlooking complexion in minutes.
Flawless DermaPlane Glo instantly and painlessly removes the top layer of dry dead skin to reveal brighter smoother youngerlooking skin the very first time you use it.
Dermaplaning is the most popular treatment that my clients request.
The moment they get it they are hooked you just cant get enough.
I love the DermaPlane Glo its very user friendly it gives like a really radiant dewyglow to the skin.
I cant stop touching my face!
Announcer An easytouse contour design a professionalgrade exfoliating edge with safety guard and just like a professional treatment a builtin LED light so you never miss a spot.
Its very easy to do.
Announcer Its gentle on all skin types and tones.
Your makeup will never look flawless if its sitting on top of dead skin and peach fuzz but DermaPlane Glo exfoliates that layer to create a smooth surface for creams and makeup.
My makeup just glides on even my moisturizer my skin care products they go on easier.
The DermaPlane Glo transforms my skin from dull to radiant and glowing.
It gets rid of all the dead skin cells all of the peach fuzz and basically gives you brandnew skin.
Announcer Get your Flawless DermaPlane Glo including exfoliating heads for easy replacement.
Go online now at dermaplaneglo.com for only 19.99 with a 60day moneyback guarantee.
Or call 18004196401.
Order right now and your shipping is free!
Its unbelievable Im glowing right now.
Announcer Flawless DermaPlane Glo brighter more youthfullooking skin instantly.
When I book at hilton.com I get to select my room from the floor plan free WiFi and the price match guarantee.
So with Hilton there is no catch.
laughs Yeah the only catch is Im never leaving.
No Im serious I live here now.
Book at hilton.com and get the Hilton Price Match Guarantee.