
Darden Restaurants I think that that one is a good one right now.
I think theyre going to continue to raise and beat in the restaurant sector per my Analyst Lin Collier at Luke Capital were going with it.
Scott All right Kate Moore always good to have you here.
Yeah consumers what Im watching the most next week during earnings.
I think were going to get a lot of different reads about the staples and the discretionary side with unemployment at multidecade lows wages growing.
I think this is the big thing that can change sentiment.
Scott Okay Weis quick what do you got?
Weis Illumina.
Scott Josh Brown?
Josh Im going with Twitter.
Motorola Solutions MSI.
All right good stuff.
Thanks everybody.
Good weekend good holiday as well.
The Exchange starts now.
And thank you Scott.
Hi everybody I am Brian Sullivan in for Kelly Evans today and heres whats ahead D.C.and Your Money.
Politicians in America will debate the meaning of the Mueller Report but we ask could it lead to even more gridlock and standstill in D.C.?
Were going to review the impact on your money ahead.
Pinning and conferencing Zoom and Pinterest hitting the market to a lot of investor fanfare but could they suffer ultimately the same fate as Lyft shareholders?
Plus a fold fail a cannabis consolidation a recyclable shoe you heard that right and a new legal smoking age.
Thats whats ahead in Rapid Fire.
Its a big league show with lots to do but as we always do lets start with Your Money.
Dom Chu is here now with a DOW that is up what?
Almost 100 points and stable right now for the most part Sulli.
If you take a look at the markets overall nixed only because the NASDAQ is lagging off by about 110th of 1.
Still though the SP up by about three points and the DOW Industrials just about 100 points to the upside.
Thats pretty decent overall well see if that sticks.
One particular industry group to focus on the transportation stocks.
The iShares Dow Jones Transportation ETF which tracks the Dow Transports right now the highest levels that weve seen going all the way back to December third so Transports a big part of that story.
Union Pacific earnings better than expected thats driving the trade there and if youre looking for one of the stocks of the day thats not Zoom thats not Pinterest check out Blackstone.
Look at this 8.5 gains.
A publicly traded partnership for private equity thats going to become a publicly traded corporation that new structure giving a boost to those shares.
A lot more investors could come in the mix and they raised a lot of money Brian for their funds last year back over to you.
Yeah Schwartz been on Squawk Box talking that up this morning.
Dom Chiu will see you in it a bit thank you very much.
All right so and the markets that Dom just walked you through have two new members to welcome into the fold today.
Of course youve heard the names Pinterest and Zoom both are now public both rising.
Just adding to the list of names including some very undertheradar ones.
that have done very well when they hit the tape.
Bob Pisani is at the New York Stock Exchange with more and Bob Zoom what a day.
Both of them.
I mean not only the floodgates have really opened Brian not only did they raise the terms going into it but they popped at the open as well.
Lets just take a look here.
Pinterest very simple.
Price talk was 15 to 17 they priced it at 19 but wait a minute it opened at 23.75 and take a look at it in intraday trading here on very heavy volume here theyre gonna trade the whole float today.
Its holding up very well up 24.35.
Zoom though 28 to 32.
Just four or five days ago we were talking about 28 to 32 for Zoom.
It priced at 36 thats not a typo.
It opened at 65.
This is very rare to see something that essentially opens twice as high as anybody thought it would a week ago and you see a trading right here at 63 just off that number.
Of course its profitable A lot of people like that.
Its got 100 growth and those are the two magic words that weve got.
Recent IPOs that joins the parade theyve done really well.
Jumia PagerDuty Tufin Levi Strauss which is one of the few profitable companies all doing great.
Lyft is one of the few companies still to the downside.
No companies next week Brian but the week after well probably get another slew maybe iHeartMedia maybe next Friday a week from tomorrow maybe well get Uber giving us some terms.
Well see not quite sure yet about that.
Big stuff there Bob Pisani thank you very much.
All right now to Washington because the other big thing to hit the tape today was the Mueller Report.
It is perhaps more heavily redacted than many had thought or hoped but at 400 or so pages long our team is still pouring through it.
Eamon Javers live at the White House with what we have learned so far.
Eamon your key takeaways.
Yeah Brian thats right.
We are still trying to digest this 400 page report and going through it for all of the details here.
The headline is out there and the Presidents been saying that throughout the day no collusion no obstruction.
Thats good news for this White House.
Inside the document were finding some of the areas of concern for Robert Mueller particularly around the area of potential obstruction of justice and the Presidents public statements his tweets even about some of the people involved in this whole situation those were red flags from Robert Mueller in certain circumstances.
Particularly on this idea.
All right so when we get Eamon back up were gonna come back and talk more about that certainly here.
Somebody pulled the plug literally on Eamon there as well but luck weve got a couple smart folks surrounding us right now to dig more into this.
Lets talk more about what this all means for Washington the markets and policy going forward.
Were gonna CNBC this story.
Lets bring in Libby Cantrell Head of Public Policy at PIMCO.
CNBCs own Ron Insana and John Harwood as well.
Libby Ill begin with you.
The Democrats are gonna complain its too heavily redacted.
We need to investigate further.
Republicans will say this is all over.
What were probably going to end up with is a bunch of this.
Where do you see policy making infrastructure anything else going forward?
Yeah I mean I think this is hitting through a partisan lens.
I mean to your point Republicans are sort of claiming vindication here that there is no collusion and Democrats may walk through the door that the Mueller report opened in terms of investigating further whether there is actually obstruction of justice.
I think youll hear louder calls for even then maybe the beginnings of impeachment hearings for the President among the progressive left.
Now I think Speaker Pelosi will do everything that she can to try to not heed those calls but the point is that look I mean Washington has already been is already polarized.
It is already partisan.
There was not much moving legislatively anyway but the big things that President Trump does want to move legislatively one is is the NAFTA replacement the USMCA NAFTA 2.0.
And that might be harder to move now with a more kind of fractured relationshipDo you believe that Ron to Libbys point that this report will in some ways infect what should be bipartisan or nonpartisan purely economic negotiations?
Yeah I dont think theres any escaping maybe the overhang that Libby alluded to which is that within the obstruction of justice component of this report Bob Mueller effectively punted to Congress and suggested in the absence of his being able to do anything under the Office of Legal Counsel which says you cannot indict a sitting President.
He really suggested that Congress to a certain extent take this up.
So to the extent that theyre not only one maybe distracted or even obsessed by this it will slow down the legislative process and create even more I think fractures between the Democrats in the House and the White House itself.
You know John when Barrs letter came out the four pager people said okay this is over.
It appears to what Ron is maybe suggesting that maybe we are just getting started on a second phase of this.
Well I think thats because Barrs letter was such a brief summary of this and the report today gives us a lot more detail as Eamon was saying before somebody pulled the plug that a lot of detail about the potential obstruction that the President had engaged in orders to Don McGahn then the White House Counsel to direct Rod Rosenstein to fire Robert Mueller.
The special counsel began refusing offering his resignation then ultimately staying on a while longer and telling aides that Trump had asked him to do crazy stuff.
I think all of that and to Libbys point earlier I think it was the right one.
I believe that the way the administration through Bill Barr in the initial release of the letter and then todays press conference in which he seemed to be spinning for the President trying to blunt the impact of the report I think thats going to make it more difficult for Speaker Pelosi to resist those in her caucus who insist on an impeachment proceeding to weigh this in a way that they think is searching and fair.
Yeah and Eamon Javers by the way is alive and well.
I just want to point that out he is back.
Somebody pulled the plug but not on him literally.
So EamonTheres no censorship here.
No censorship here he is back with us as well.
Hes not redacted.
You know youve been there day in and day out for us Eamon.
Youve seen the sort of the back and the forth inside.
You know the Speakers chamber and talking about this with Sarah Sanders and and one wonders how much more of any dialogue that we have is simply going to be about the report from now on?
The administration can want to talk about defense spending or infrastructure or immigration or whatever it is and every question is going to go back to this report with the exception of maybe yours.
Well you know thats right.
I mean first of all this is a White House that doesnt brief the press any more right?
So theyre not going to face this public televised spectacle of the White House trying to get out its line of the day and reporters just asking them on camera about the report.
Youre gonna see the President leaving here shortly this afternoon a couple of hours and reporters will ask him questions.
I expect he will talk.
Hes been tweeting vigorously today.
He has a lot he wants to say about this so I expect were gonna get lengthy comments from the President today.
But in talking to some of the officials here I dont get the sense that theyre gonna rebut much of this at all.
Its possible that theyre just gonna let this sit and retreat to the headline conclusion of no collusion no obstruction and on some of the smaller things just let all those go.
For example theres some stuff in here about Sarah Sanders and exactly how she responded to the Comey firing by suggesting that FBI agents inside the bureau had lost confidence in Comey and that theyd heard from countless members of the FBI who said that they didnt like Comey.
Apparently in her interview with the special counsels team she admitted that you know that didnt have any basis in fact and it was either a slip of the tongue or she just kind of said it at the time and didnt really base it on any actual factual basis.
Those smaller things it doesnt seem like the White House is going to address at all.
They might just let them all go.
Theyre content with the win here and they feel like theyve had a big positive political day.
Yeah and Brian Im not sure how much of a win there is.
I mean I got through about the first 50 pages of the report and theres some even materiality when it comes to the question of whether or not the administration or I should say the campaign expected to benefit from Russias actions in interfering.
Not rising to the level of criminality which Robert Mueller suggested but from a market perspective this may as Amy just alluded in many ways turn neutral insofar as were seeing a resynchronization of lets say Chinese and American economic growth.
Europes the outlier at the moment.
Were seeing the Fed back off were seeing central banks around the world start to stimulate.
So if indeed todays retail sales number were any indication of where were going from here then the market may just return its attention to fundamentals and maybe ignore someRon dang you for bringing right back down the CNBC lane because that was perfect and I want to talk about that.
Its amazing the retail sales number better than expected.
Jobless claims under 200000.
GDP revisions they are going up at Goldman Sachs and others today Libby.
Its amazing that this is getting all the headlines and if you just focused on this youd think this is the only thing happening but outside of this America rolls on and the economy rolls on and the President will have a strong economy most likely behind him in that reelection.
Yeah most likely and our view of him is that we likely will see sort of two 2.5 growth here in the United States for 2019.
You do have the effect of fading fiscal stimulus and you got a big fiscal impulse growth from the tax bill that was passed in at late 2017 and then also a big government spending bill that was passed in 2018.
From a policy perspective and from kind of tying this back to markets another area though of this kind of Mueller report that could inform relations with Congress that could be relevant is this idea of the fiscal cliff of 2020.
And the markets are not focused on this right now this is something were talking about with per clients and talking at PIMCO go about and thats because if Congress doesnt step it and keep spending levels at the rate that they are now come January 1st of 2020 we could see a half a percent headwind to economic growth because of this big drive down in spending now.
I think we all Washington folks are you know understand that Congress is expedient.
Theyre going to want not want to do that going into itWell they may want to do that.
John Harwood John Harwood.
Brian I just wanted to make one point which is that in terms of the effect on the legislative agenda there really isnt much of a legislative agenda.
In theory the administration wants an infrastructure plan but Republican leaders in Congress dont and the kind of plan the administration wants is not what Democrats want so other than the USMCA which is significant there isnt much that congress might do in the absence of this Mueller report so I think thats important andJohn let me ask you let me ask you Libbys point if I can because were running out of time.
Do you to the fiscal cliff discussions do you believe its not only because the report but maybe the report layers on that the US Congress Democrats and Republicans both will play economic chicken with the fiscal cliff and the US economy?
I doubt it.
I dont think Democrats approach these issues differently from Republicans and while theyll fight for their policy priorities I dont think that a Nancy Pelosi led House would engage in the degree of brinkmanship that weve seen in the recent past.
Lets hope.
535 men and women fighting while 310 million others may suffer.
John Thank You Eamon thank you Im glad to see youre alive and well.
Ron Insana Libby Cantrill thank you all very much.
All right we are just getting started here on The Exchange.
Heres what else is coming up.
Announcer Ahead the CEO of BBT joins us.
Well talk earnings the progress on its big merger and the outlook for the economy.
IPO Bonanza.
Investors pinned their hopes on Pinterest and Zoom zooms higher.
Should you get in?
And could 21 soon be the new 18 when it comes to tobacco?
Well explain.
This is The Exchange on CNBC.
Music I want it all Music Music And I want it now Music Music I want it all Music Announcer With the Grubhub delivery app if you want it all you can get it all.
Grubhub restaurants you love delivered.
Girl I love my grandma.
Announcer As you grow older your brain naturally begins to change which may cause trouble with recall.
Boy Learning from him is great when I can keep up.
Announcer Thankfully Prevagen helps your brain and improves memory.
Man Dads got all the answers.
Announcer Prevagen is now the number one selling brain health supplement in drugstores nationwide.
Girl She outsmarts meet every single time.
Checkmate.
You want to play again?
Announcer Prevagen healthier brain better life.
Announcer You work hard and operate at the speed of humanity.
CNBC on Xfinity X1 puts your future in your hands.
Delivering realtime information whenever you want it.
We always try different ways to show people the data.
Announcer With real world perspective wherever you are.
I think the housing prices have to come down.
Theyre too expensive.
Announcer CNBC anywhere anytime on any screen with Xfinity X1 and on the go with the Xfinity stream.
If you bought a timeshare for your family by now youve learned the ugly truth.
Timeshares are the only thing that you can buy that you dont know how much its going to cost or when its going to end.
Its like giving them a blank check for annual maintenance and assessment fees.
Sounds crazy right?
The ugly truth is that this never ends.
Even when you die your family will be stuck with this burden.
Hello Im Chuck McDowell and 10 years ago I founded Wesley Financial Group with one goal in mind helping good folks just like you cancel their timeshare contract.
And what that means for you and your family no more mortgage payments no more maintenance fees surprises and no more timeshare.
So call today the call is free.
The information kit is free and I guarantee if we cant cancel your timeshare contract youll pay nothing.
Announcer You can legally get out of your timeshare.
For your free information kit explaining how call 8003958811 8003958811.
Hi welcome back.
With so much talk about the possibility of an economic slowdown its important to look beyond just the government data.
Jim Cramer told you as much on Mad Money the other night.
So lets do more of that by diving into BBTs latest quarter.
Joining us exclusively on The Exchange is Kelly King the Chairman and CEO of BBT.
Kelly its great to have you on the program.
So much discussion about a possibility of a slowdown.
How is BBT seeing loan demand?
Well glad to be back.
Long demand is actually very good.
Actually production is very high.
Our pipeline where we kind of measure all of the applications in process are at an alltime high and so were seeing a broadbased level of confidence a broadbased level of willingness to borrow money to invest in plant and capital equipment.
So overall its very good.
You know on the street doesnt match up with a lot of the kind of national rhetoric that you hear.
And in your experience your long history Kelly running a bank do people borrow money do businesses borrow money when they sense a slowdown is imminent?
They do.
Brian its interesting.
They do?!
Yeah they do.
I travel around and I talked to lots of business people one on one and so when I talked to them they talk about their business.
Theyre interested in chatting about the national issues but when you get right down to what theyre going to do they focus on their business.
So if their actual market if their actual business is slowing down then of course theyll reduce their investment.
But if its just a lot of general conversation you know theyll talk about it it might cause them some uneasiness but when they go right back to the office theyll focus on running their business.
From all the numbers though in the quarter and the year so far Kelly that you have seen do you believe we will be in a recession in 12 to 18 months?
You know I actually do not.
Id be honest six or eight nine months ago I was a lot more concerned about the possibility of that.
There was just so much rhetoric about its been 10 years and after a while everybody begins to you know have that effect you a bit.
But as Ive gotten out and traveled around and talked to business people and Ive seen the strength.
I mean just what youve been reporting just in the last hour so.
Strong retail sales low unemployment low jobless claims underlying strong GDP no major geopolitical risk it seemed to be eminently problematic.
I dont see in certainly the next 12 to 18 months I do not see and eminent slowdown.
I think that you could have some existential factors that could cause that but I dont think its predictable at this time.
One thing that stood out to me that was a little bit shocking I guess Kelly is that your net interest margin NIM rose only two bits.
laughs Literally a tiny percent.
We take what we can get.
I know but it rose even as interest rates collapsed in the first quarter how did that happen?
Well we have a very very strong what we call core deposit funding structure.
Were like a really big community bank.
We operate a regional bank structure.
Were in a lot of rural areas.
Were in metro urban areas as well but we have a lot of stable deposits.
Theyre not as price sensitive theyre more focused on relationships.
A lot of small business clients and so our NIM pressure is more a function of whats happening in our local markets than it is in the national markets.
So when you hear a lot of national discussion about changes in NIM it doesnt inherently affect us.
Now sometimes if we do some external large and negotiable instrument funding thatll move our NIM around a little bit.
But in this particular quarter what we really saw was that our funding was increasing but our rate of return on assets was increasing at a faster rate.
You know one quick last question.
Youre paying an advertising agency a lot of money to come up with a new brand between SunTrust and BBT when you merge.
Can you give us some kind of a of a hint as to what thats shaping up to be?
Because SunTrust and BBT could mosh together like some kind of kids drink if youre not careful.
Yeah.
Well you know Brian the reason we decided to pick a new name versus using either one of the others or some combination is because our merger is about improving profitability which it does enormously.
But its much more importantly about leaning forward about major investments and innovation and technology.
Its about really getting excited about meeting the needs of the clients in terms of technology and trust kind of that blended relationship between technology and the branches.
And so we want a name that kind of a points forward that excites our clients excites our associates and excites the market in general to say this is an institution that is moving forward is energized and trying to take care of the community at large and the clients in particular and we think we can find such a name.
Good luck.
Youre a bank Kelley King we do wish you luck.
Appreciate that have a good Easter thank you.
Thank you you too.
All right on deck the trade war comes home.
How China and Wisconsin are now in a fight and its over with some say our Foxconns broken promises.
But first to the moon Zoom.
Both stocks trading but one is really taking off but do we need to learn from Lyft that one day does not an investment make.
We dig into Zoom and Pinterest a little more when were back.
Introducing Nutrisystem spring sale.
Save 50 yes 50.
Announcer Lose up to 13 pounds and seven inches in your first month.
Im Marie and I lost 50 pounds with Nutrisystem.
I lost 60 pounds with Nutrisystem.
Theres even a moneyback guarantee.
Announcer Order your 28day plan right now.
Save 50 off every program.
Call or go online right now.
Announcer Go online or call 877983FIT4 right now to say 50 plus get probiotic shakes free.
If you spent years building your investments on mutual funds it may be time to graduate.
If you have more than a half a million dollars in investible assets theres almost always better options and mutual funds that improve tax efficiency are cheaper and more specifically customizable.
Mutual funds are a perfectly fine way for beginning investors but Fisher Investments can give you ideas to help you for who you are now.
Announcer Call now for your free report Five Pitfalls of Mutual Funds with insights from bestselling author and legendary money manager Ken Fisher.
Call now 18009724411.
At Fisher Investments we help you with the process of graduating to a better future.
Announcer Call for your free report Five Pitfalls of Mutual Funds.
Youll learn about their disadvantages and why it may be time for a new approach.
Call now 18009724411.
You can achieve your investment goals and Fisher Investments can help you get there.
Who says our bank isnt tech enough?
Everybody look at your phones.
The design thinking digital engineering security block chain and we will be first to market!
Yes.
When do we launch?
Unfortunately in two or three...
Hours.
Man Why the delay?
Announcer Cognizant is helping banks use digital technologies at scale to advance speed to market.
All right welcome back.
Pinterest and Zoom may be getting all the headline love today but they are not the only names that you need to know about.
Here are some of the other movers at the hour.
Sketchers a shoemakers sinking after missing earnings and sales estimates.
Second quarter profit guidance was also below forecast.
That stock is down.
On the flip side Honeywell its up.
They posted strong results and they also raised their full year forecast.
Companies saying it saw strong demand for its aerospace products.
And Travelers is taking a journey higher today leading the DOW.
The insurance company beating EPS estimates but it did miss a bit on revenues.
Travelers though also did raise its dividend and that stock is higher.
All right now lets get to Contessa brewer with a CNBC news update Contessa.
Hi there Brian.
Heres whats happening right now.
Democrats vying for the partys 2020 Presidential nomination including New York senator Kirsten Gillibrand are condemning Attorney General William Barr for acting like a defender of President Trump.
She had some harsh words about Barrs news conference this morning.
The Attorney General of the United States is supposed to represent the people of the United States.
Hes not supposed to represent President Trump.
And by having this press conference today that is misleading the American people was not appropriate.
A French judicial police official says investigators think an electrical shortcircuit most likely caused Notre Dames Cathedral fire.
He says the investigators still dont have the green light to work in the cathedral because of safety concerns.
Rescue services use two cranes to pull out a bus which crashed on Portugals Madeira Island.
Killed 29 German tourists and injured 28 people.
The bus was lying on its side was part of its roof torn off.
Thats your CNBC news update this hour.
Brian send it back to you.
All right Contessa thank you very much.
Well a pair of Technology unicorns billion dollars of the public market are surging after their public debuts today.
Pinterest pricing above the high end of the range at 19 a share and opened up 25.
That sounds good until you hear this.
Zoom video communications the ticker ZM priced at 36 a share but only opened up 80.
Lets those talk about both and start with Pinterest.
CEO Ben Silbermann telling Squawk Alley the company is more about utility for people to get things done and less of a place to talk or for friends or to follow celebrities.
In other words we are not a social media company.
For more lets bring in Doug Clinton Managing Director at Loop Ventures as well as our own Leslie Picker.
Amazing response to Pinterest.
Are you surprised?
A 25 pop.
Either the bankers screwed up in pricing it or people really liked Pinterest.
People do like it and to your point its a discovery platform.
Its really not a social network although we think it will be comped like a social network.
So I think the good thing about Pinterest is its a great business.
They have this unique data asset where people tell Pinterest how they see the world in pictures how they categorize the world.
The problem is companies like Facebook Twitter Snapchat the companies that will be comped on Pinterest are trading six to eight times next years revenue.
Pinterest at this valuation is closer to 11 times.
So it feels like the market is already pricing in a lot of that great business.
I mean first off I think the term social media is outdated and dumb.
I mean lets just be honest.
Its just media at this point.
That said do you think there was a strategic reason why the CEO of Pinterest kept saying were not social media because he didnt kind of want that stain.
Yeah I think social media is a bad word right now.
I mean you look at whats happening with Facebook and Twitter.
Its two words John.
Two bad words combined into one.
I think you look at Facebook and Twitter and sort of whats happened with them and public sentiment around especially privacy on Facebook but also the the conversation just politically.
The discourse is very difficult on both platforms.
Pinterest talks a lot in there S1 about empowering their users.
I think thats a very different message than what were seeing Facebook and Twitter do with their users where you have FOMO and depression.
You know whats amazing Leslie Picker?
Besides you by the way is that if a stock falls 25 everyone screams Wall Street really screwed that up.
If a stock rises 25 nobodys saying anything.
Its still obviously 25 mispriced.
You see where Im going with this?
Yeah its tough to price an IPO perfectly and if it closed flat today people would complain about that too.
But in terms of Pinterest this company sold primary shares only which means that all of the money raised from the IPO went back into the coffers of the company.
There were no selling shareholders that were raising money to fund their own pockets.
So what that means essentially is if you do see a 25 pop that is a loss of capital that is money left on the table that Pinterest could have otherwise used to reinvest in their business.
Now that said it is important to keep investors happy with these IPOs.
You want investors who are kind of gonna stick around for the long run through that six month lockup period which expires in about 180 days.
You want people that can stick around and the best way to make them happy is to make the money Brian.
Yeah it certainly is.
All right lets move on now to Zoom Video because if you thought Pinterest was doing well and by the way it is.
Nobodys taking anything away from 25 gains.
Zoom new ticker ZM soaring.
Up more than 75.
Lets bring in Deirdre Bosa from San Francisco.
Deirdre okay Zoom getting a lot of love but it also faces a lot of competition.
Thats right Brian and I think Zooms performance says as much about the company as it does about all the other big enterprise tech names out there who havent been able to capitalize on this video conferencing software.
Youve got a very crowded field here.
Youve got Microsoft which has been pushing Skype for Business.
Ciscos WebEx which Eric Yuan actually works for and then Zoom seemingly comes out of nowhere and sort of takes this field and is the leader and known to be easier to use and part of the reason for that is because it started in the cloud.
Some of the other competitors and big names in this space started on antiquated conference call or chat software so thats been one of its big successes and I think that also speaks to the argument and some of its risk factors.
How could it continue to compete against these very well capitalized big tech name competitors.
Eric Yuan has built a company that was just more simple and easier to use.
Thats when it strengthened.
You can understand how it may be continuing to use these strengths to expand into different verticals like telehealth and education.
All right Deirdre Bosa in San Francisco Leslie Picker in New York Doug Clinton here in Englewood Cliffs.
Guys great discussion thank you very much.
Heres whats ahead on The Exchange.
Announcer Coming up cannabis consolidation heats up.
Could big changes be coming to the tobacco world?
Plus a recyclable sneaker and a fold fail.
Its all ahead in Rapid Fire.
Narrator How well does your financial adviser know you?
If they saw you on the street would your adviser recognize you?
At a Ameriprise we see you as more than a client.
Thats why our advisers care about whats important to you.
They offer personalized advice to help you prepare for whats expected and even whats not.
Giving you the freedom to live financially confident because to us youre more than just another face in the crowd.
With the right financial adviser life can be brilliant.
Ameriprise Financial.
Announcer 10 seconds left.
Pass.
Announcer John Moore Ways to inbound.
Yo you check FanDuel lately?
I didnt know they had a singlegame fantasy.
Announcer Sammy Win behind home plate.
One out to go.
Announcer Moreways in win looking to make something here.
A NASCAR contest.
Oh golf.
Announcer More ways throws.
Announcer Win shoots.
Theres justMore ways to win!
Announcer More ways to win!
Announcer More ways to win!
Announcer More ways toWin!
Thats what Im telling you.
There are more ways to with FanDuel.
Music I want it all Music Burgers.
Donuts.
Nicoise salad?
Announcer Delivering from over 95000 restaurants nationwide.
Music I want it all Music If you want it all.
You can get it all.
Gruhub restaurants you love delivered.
Announcer We see home staying cooler without the planet getting warmer.
At Emerson when issues become inspiration creating a better world isnt just a result its a responsibility.
Emerson consider its solved.
Announcer Paid spokesperson.
This is a legal alert for users of Roundup Weed Killer.
Roundup Weed Killer has been designated as a probable human carcinogen by the World Health Organization and in July 2018 a judge determined that all federal law suits could move forward against Monsanto the maker of Roundup Weed Killer over concerns that those exposed to Roundup are at risk for developing nonhodgkins lymphoma.
And in a landmark 289 million dollar verdict in August 2018 a jury concluded that Monsantos Roundup Weed Killer and Ranger Pro Herbicides contributed to a school grounds keepers nonhodgkins lymphoma.
Roundup Weed Killer is the most commonly used weed killer in American agriculture.
If you or someone you love has been diagnosed with nonhodgkins lymphoma after being exposed to Roundup or glyphosate herbicide you may be entitled to compensation.
How do you fight for the compensation you deserve?
You choose the right legal team that has the experience support staff and resources to seek the most compensation for your injuries.
Call now.
Announcer Catch the Shark Tank Life Made Easy Marathon.
Everything you need when you need it.
Im going to incorporate your key into your mobile phone.
Announcer The Shark Tank Life Made Easy Marathon.
Starts tonight seven eastern.
CNBC get yours.
Brought to you by Xfinity.
All right welcome back.
Lets catch you up on a few stories that should be on your radar right now.
They call it rapidfire and here with their takes we have Bill Griffith Kate Rodgers Frank Holland.
Only one of you will emerge alive.
Yes I know.
Are we gonna get a word in edgewise here my friend?
No thats why its gonna be good.
First offShots fired.
We havent even started.
I want to survive.
Youre in you win.
Yes.
All right first up Senator Mitch McConnell announcing a bill that will bump the national minimum age to buy tobacco from 18 to 21.
Its just a bill not of law yet.
It would also apply to vaping products and we should note some states in America already have a minimum age of 21 so this would be kind of a symbolic move to four states to do it.
Frank Holland its kind of your beat here.
Whats the reaction what do you think?
Well listen theres also a similar House bill called the Scott Act named after outgoing FDA Chief Scott Gottlieb.
Heres the thing a lot of stats we can throw out here.
Heres just another one 90 of current smokers tried a cigarette by the time they were 18.
This is really a public health initiative and I think it makes perfect sense.
Theres 16 million Americans with a smoking related disease in America right now and its a problem.
Let me play the cynic here.
This is the tobacco industry trying to get out in front of any regulations that are going to come their way.
Why now after Scott Gottlieb had already gone after the vaping companies because there was a 75 increase in the use of those by teens.
Now all of a sudden we have legislation and surprise surprise the tobacco companies are supporting said legislation to raise the minimum age to 21.
Its amazing Bill right?
After they have these pods for vaping that are basically candy flavored.
Exactly yes.
And JUUL the maker of many of those is actually in support of 21 years to buy tobacco but I mean the McConnell release did have some disturbing things in it including that middle schoolers were starting to vape as well.
We hear so much about teens and kids in high school doing this and I totally agree with the marketing.
It does seem like candy and you dont necessarily realize theres nicotine in it.
It is not good for you.
By the way theres more nicotine in it in many of these cases than in regular cigarettes.
All right so its bout time they go to 21 anyway.
They should have done that years ago.
The drinking age is 21 why not the smoking age?
Well I understand you but a lot of states a lot of towns theyve already raised it so I just think it makes a lot of sense and two things can be right at the same time.
It might be good for tobaccos business somehow some way but its also good for public health.
Bill Of course.
Look Im gonna ask you this Kate because you are the youngest one on this fine panel which is do you believe that raising the and Im not asking you to reveal any personal details about high school but do you believe that raising the age of something does prevent people from doing it?
I think if theres a will theres a way.
I was an angel in high school and I am still today but Im just saying.
Bill You still are.
But I think if kids want to get their hands on something you know we can prevent it by putting laws like this in place but again like I said when theres a will theres a way.
Probably a kid named Will selling JUUL pods at the high school.
All right topic number two.
Kind of related.
Cannabis consolidation.
Canadian weed giant Canopy Growth striking a 4.3 billion dollar deal to buy Acreage Holding.
That deal however will take effect after cannabis has been legalized in the US.
While legal cannabis sales have been climbing this year so far the black markets also been rising.
Whats the future Bill of this industry?
You know what I find interesting about this deal this is almost like a futures contract for Canopy.
What theyre doing is locking in a price for Acreage.
Brian Its an option.
But at the same time I wonder why Acreage would do this deal if theyre locking themselves into its a 43 premium over the companys valuation right now but whats to say that they couldnt see an even higher valuation after we do inevitably seeSo Bill Griffith youre saying that this could be actually a sign of lack of optimism by Acreage Holdings.
By Acreage Holdings yes but Canopy I think is making a very smart plan.
Oh thats what I was just gonna say.
Acreage is a multistate operator.
Its in about 20 states already.
Obviously this is contingent on federal nationwide legalization but really smart move for Canopy and also Constellation which I know you have your eye on butYeah absolutely great move for Constellation.
Yeah they have some warrants where they can similar option they can decide to buy more stake in Canopy but a lot of people are talking about the cannabis play.
Me Im looking more at the Acreage business and the people they have on its board.
They have Bill Weld a guy whos running for President former Governor of Massachusetts.
They also have a former Prime Minister of Canada.
So I really feel like Canopy maybe buying that influence because thats this is get down to business.
Weeds a commodity.
Everybodys gonna be able to grow it.
By the way its not the weed of yesteryear.
So Ive heard.
Im told.
All right up next lets talk more about recyclable shoes.
Bill She told me by the way.
Kate He told me I think he heard it from you.
Brian You might have.
Adidas just released a new running shoe get this made from 100 recyclable material.
Once your shoes have fallen apart I assume they will fall apart you can return them to Adidas where they recycle for the components to make a new pair of kicks.
Zion WilliamsonBill I was just gonna say.
Should be there spokesperson.
I think hes probably already signed with Nike.
What do you think gimmick Kate Rodgers or real deal?
It sounds like Adidas wants to get this right.
I think it says theyre giving it to about 200 runners to test them out theyre not releasing the mass market yet because they want to make sure that they reallyBrian How long do they last?
That they really get this right.
Well whenever youre done you can hand them back over to Adidas and I think more broadly consumers do care more and more about this.
We see more companies paying attention to being eco friendly marketing things in this way.
Brian Do they care?
I think they do care.
You know what they care about more?
Not rolling their ankle or having their knees hurt while they jog.
Yeah of course but now recycling is becoming a big business right now.
Thats pointing to that and as we all know actor Jason Momoa just shaved his beard for the obvious reason that hes promoting aluminum as a recycling thing.
Stop the presses we gotta end this show.
Khal Drogo has shaved heres the thing.
Frank dont come at this as a business journalist.
Youre a six foot five inch dude.
I dont know if you run Im not quite your height.
Listen we run it hurts.
Frank Absolutely.
The shoes got to work first and foremost.
Zion Williamson was perfect a perfect example that if the shoe cant hold up its a problem but Im gonna be the cynic this time.
This is really differentiation.
Adidas has been trying to increase its market share.
A couple years ago they signed a Kanye to a sneaker deal.
Hes not really running anywhere but those sneakers sold like hot cakes.
But those sneakers are so cool yeah he doesnt need to run anywhere.
Hey you ran that marathon?
Whats your shoe?
Its a gimmick its the new Adidas gimmick.
So like you said recycle it.
Finally were moving on.
remember how much hype Samsungs foldable phone generated?
Its got a 2000 price tag but heres the problem some reviewer guys who got this phone early reported that it broke.
In fact our own Todd Haselton CNBC found the screen was flickering after just two days.
Theres the video from our own Todd Haselton.
Samsung a real problem or they just havent figured it out yet?
Bill?
I think its a bigger problem right now.
Novelty is a big sales item for technology.
This was novel to have the folding phone but I think theyre getting ahead of themselves now.
Theyre rushing products to market before theyre ready and they cost too much now by the way.
1980 for a foldable phone.
Its becoming too complicated and too expensive.
Well call me oldfashioned but I dont need my phone to fold in half.
I need it to have a nice camera good reception and kind of look cool but I dont care that much.
I wouldnt buy this.
Im not who theyre marketing to.
Im gonna tell you though this is the battle of the sexes though.
I will say this women and men phone differently we keep our phone we tend to keep it here or in our like jeans pocket.
Back pocket.
Yeah having a phone that can flex a little bit when youre a guy helps out Frank does it not?
But the phone doesnt flex it it folds.
Yeah but you could put it here.
The point is you could put it maybe in this pocket a little bit easier.
I dont know about that part but heres the thing I actually talked to Todd about this a little bit deeper.
He says that the resolution on the screen isnt as good and the colors arent as good so if your whole selling point is that its a bigger screen and the screens not as good as your other phone you might be missing the mark.
Todds the smart guy I dont know if he did this but I do know Samsung claimed that some of the reviewers accidentally theres a protective screen they took it off thinking it was removable.
He didnt do that.
He did not do that.
Okay but apparently some people did but its not a removable thing.
They peeled the screen off.
He actually tweeted up close photos that he did not do that and his screen still was flickering.
Bottom line Kate Rogers yes or no 2000 dollar phone?
No not for me.
But you you need to get it right.
We talked about apples wireless charging mat that they pulled from the market because they said it wasnt ready.
This is a great example of why it needs to be ready.
I have a question.
Wheres the button?
Kellys got these I press a button and you and you fall into the alligator pits.
Where are those buttons?
And then I survive?
You survived.
All I can say is Im exhausted now.
Come on WEX one morning.
Trending stories of Bill Griffith.
You bet I will.
Okay well see you there in the morning Bill.
Thank you all.
laughing Coming up Foxconn fails to deliver on jobs in Wisconsin.
What the governor plans to do about that next.
Whats going on?
Ive done all sorts of research read earnings reports looked at chart patterns.
I even built my own historic trading model.
And you still not sure if you want to make the trade?
Exactly.
Sounds like a case of analysis paralysis.
Is there a cure?
TD Ameritrade trade desk.
They can help gut check your strategies and answer all your toughest questions.
Sounds perfect.
See your stress level was here and I got you down to here Ive done my job.
Announcer Call for a strategy gut check with TD Ameritrade.
Announcer Welcome to New York.
Announcer Welcome to Las Vegas.
Announcer Welcome to Paris.
Announcer Welcome to your paradise.
Announcer Business or pleasure ONEflight International is connecting the world with Book a Jet.
The BAJ.
When time matters just BAJ it.
Simply enter your itinerary select from over 4000 private planes.
Browse interior photos select and pay.
Whether youre traveling alone or with business associates or a romantic getaway.
BAJ it on a luxurious private jet.
Whats your time worth?
Announcer BAJ it.
Announcer You dream you plan you work.
Every hour every day every night.
There is no such thing as a small business.
All business is personal.
How do you make a connection?
How do you grow your business?
We make it easy with high quality affordable products and innovative design tools that make it simple to promote and grow your business.
Announcer Go to gotprint.com to get 500 business cards for 8.50 plus use promo code GP500BC to get 10 off your first order.
Announcer When buying a car we know there are a lot of questions.
Whats the mileage?
How many previous owners?
Has it been in any accidents?
Is there room for twins?
Or triplets?
Announcer We all know the most important question is always...Am I getting a good deal?
Am I getting a good deal?
Am I getting a good deal?
Announcer CarGurus has the answer.
CarGurus gives every car a deal rating from great to overpriced and sorts the best ones first making it fast and easy to find great deals from toprated dealers near you.
Find your great deal today at CarGurus.
All right welcome back to The Exchange.
Foxconn back in focus today with its Wisconsin jobs pledge now being called into question.
Governor Tony Evers telling reporters that he wants to renegotiate the deal saying the company will not be creating the 13000 jobs that it pledged.
For more on this big story lets bring in one of the reporters that has followed that story from the beginning.
Rick Rimmel business reporter for the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.
All right Rick thank you very much for joining us.
I mean CNBC was there we were in Kenosha as well.
A lot of promise what appears to be falling through the cracks here?
Well you know were all sort of waiting to see whether the Foxconn will come through on what it has said it would do and I think its fair to say that the progress toward those goals has been slow.
How slow as in slow were getting there eventually or slow as in the car is not actually moving down the highway?
The car is moving it might be moving at I dont know 25 miles an hour or something.
Theyve made multiple changes to their plans for plant.
Initially they said it was going to be what they call a generation 10.5 flat screen plant which is the largest most expensive type of plant in this industry.
Finally middle of last year they acknowledged no were not going to build a generation 10 plant.
Its going to be a generation six plant smaller less costly and then a month or two ago it looked like they were thinking about backing away from building a factory at all in Wisconsin.
Then the President Donald Trump gets on the phone to Terry Gou Chairman of Foxconn.
All of a sudden within hours Foxconn comes out with a statement saying yes we will build this smaller type of factory.
Foxconn continues to maintain itll create 13000 jobs.
A lot of people in Wisconsin just dont theyre not buying it.
I was gonna say listen Rick do you believe and the sources you talk to?
Heck do your neighbors believe that this plant will ever get built?
Personally yeah I think theres a good chance that something is going to be built there.
I mean they already are they have construction underway so theyve prepared a very large like I dont know.
It might be 60 acre site that has gravel compressed down tight to be the bed for the foundation of the plant.
They let contracts about two three weeks ago for like 34 million dollars worth of preparatory work for the actual building construction and that part is under way as far as I can tell and they say that this summer they will start building actual physical vertical construction itself.
When they do that you let us know you take pictures well get you back on CNBC.
Rick Romell thank you very much.
You bet thank you Brian.
All right.
Coming up the Sears drama.
You thought it was over its not.
The company is suing former CEO Eddie Lampert and others get this including Treasury Secretary Stephen Mnuchin.
Sears versus Stephen next.
Announcer Feel that?
Thats the beat of global markets.
The rhythm of the world.
But to us its the pace of tomorrow.
With ingenuity technologies and markets expertise we create the possible and when you do that you dont chase the face of tomorrow.
You set it.
NASDAQ rewrite tomorrow.
Announcer At Angies List you can find any type of home pro and check their reputation by reading verified reviews from your neighbors.
Instantly request quotes from multiple pros at the same time.
And browse special deals on all kinds of home projects.
At Angies List its free to find all the pros you need to know from landscapers to roofers and everything in between.
Go to AngiesList.com today.
Announcer For great offers visit your local Jaguar retailer today.
And time for the Closing Countdown lets have a look at the markets.
Announcer Strategy in the final minutes of trading.
Woman Lets take a look at how we finished up the day on Wall Street.
Announcer Catch the Closing Countdown today and every weekday on Closing Bell.
Sponsored by ETrade the original place to invest online.
If something happened to you what would happen to them?
Their home their education their future.
You need life insurance and chances are SelectQuote can help you get it for less than a dollar a day.
Announcer SelectQuote found Jacob 40 a 500000 policy for only 19 a month and SelectQuote found his wife Wendy a 500000 policy for only 17 a month.
Our secret?
At select quote we aggressively comparison shop up to 10 highly rated companies to find you the company with the best rates.
Announcer We found Gary 35 a one million dollar policy for only 22 a month.
Why pay more?
Give your family the security they need at a price you can afford.
Announcer Call 18002896042 or go to SelectQuote.com now and get the insurance your family needs.
Man At a price you can afford.
SelectQuote we shop you save.
Well just when you thought that it was over the Sears drama is resurfacing.
The company is now suing former CEO Eddie Lampert for allegedly stealing billions of dollars from the corporation.
The lawsuit alleges that Lampert along with Sears biggest shareholders unduly benefited from deals that occurred under his watch.
The suit names other defendants as well.
Besides Lampert they include get this Treasury Secretary Stephen Mnuchin and Hedge Fund Manager Bruce Berkowitz.
Sears Holdings filed for bankruptcy this past October.
All right coming up only onethird of American states require students to graduate with a personal finance class.
Just one class.
Your next guest says thats a big problem.
Shell join us on what her group is doing about it next.
Announcer Every day visionaries are creating the future.
So every day we put our latest technology and unrivaled network to work.
The United States Postal Service makes more Ecommerce deliveries to homes than anyone else in the country.
Announcer Are you over the age of 50 and considering buying an annuity in the next 60 days?
I have some important news for you.
Dont buy an annuity until you understand the pros and cons of annuities.
Call now for this free book on maximizing your income in retirement Annuity Dos and Donts For Baby Boomers.
From leading financial firm JD Milberg.
Thats right free.
This book reveals littleknown truths about annuities and simple to understand terms.
Grab a pen right now because were about to offer you this free book that unlocks the five littleknown truths we believe baby boomers and seniors should know before buying an annuity.
And its free.
Call 8009261155 now.
As a bonus well also throw in a free Annuity Rate Report.
We research too numerous products and summarized rates and benefits of annuities.
All from Sentinel Security Life Insurance company.
Call 8009261155 thats 8009261155.
Call now.
Music I want it all Music Music And I want it now Music Music I want it all Music Announcer With the Grubhub delivery app.
If you want all you can get it all.
Grubhub restaurants you love delivered.
We still have service?
Call the insurance company.
Its them calling us.
Its gonna be a week before they can get through on these roads.
Shh!
Sorry I didnt catch that.
I said ask how soon they can be here.
Not you.
Right now?
Whats now?
He says theyre surveying our property now.
Theyre probably at the wrong house.
I dont see any hovering.
His names hovering?
Look up.
Announcer By using machine learning and analytics to automate claims Cognizant is helping insurance companies advance how they serve even the hardest to reach customers.
Cool.
Announcer Every year our analysts visit thousands of companies in a multitude of countries where we get to know the people that drive a companys growth and gain new perspectives.
Thats why we go beyond the numbers.
T.Rowe Price invest with confidence.
Next time you think about buying a stock you need to ask yourself a question.
Add this to your homework checklist.
Could Amazon come in and destroy the companys margins?
If so lower your expectations.
All right welcome back.
A new oped ad on CNBC highlights Americas growing need for financial education programs especially for economically disadvantaged children.
It is part of our financial education initiative called Invest in You Ready Set Grow.
And its in partnership with micro investing app Acorns and joining us now is the author of that piece Nan Morrison the President and CEO the Council For Economic Education.
Also a member of our CNBC Financial Wellness Council.
Its amazing Nan you can be in high school and take classes on the Peloponnesian War and not understand how to balance a checkbook.
Why?
That is quite amazing.
No offense to the Peloponnesian War.
Exactly exactly.
But we dont do a good job of getting financial education into our nations K through 12 schools and thats the mission of our organization to do that to teach those K through 12 kids about personal finance and economics so they can make better decisions so they know how to manage their money to balance the checkbook to make decisions about a credit card or a loan to make good decisions about those.
Now without getting into the politics of school districts and unions but its hard to get classes new classes created.
Whats the best way to do that and whats been the holdup for just saying hey maybe you dont need that 14th history class.
Lets talk about how not to go bankrupt.
One of the great things about what we do is we teachers and we help them with the content we give them lessons and we also teach them how to integrate it into the everyday life of their classroom.
So think of creating a mini economy for little kids in a K through five classroom.
Think about integrating it into math instead of those crazy problems about the Amtrak trains.
How many times have you thought about how fast that other train is coming at you?
No but you think about what your investments are doing.
So we should be teaching those examples in math or another business oriented classes.
And the weird thing about this area in particular is youve got Wall Street literally Wall Street I mean the physical street with the New York Stock Exchange on.
Its right there.
Blocks away.
Our kids with nothing and no education.
How do we bring those...
Theyre physically this close how do we make them work for each other?
Right?
It benefits everybody when everybody benefits.
It does.
Well there are a couple of things that were doing.
Were running Family Financial Literacy nights at schools where volunteers can come with parents and teachers and kids to learn about money and we also have a new program Invest In Girls which not only helps girls to get introduced to the language and grammar of finance but also takes them to places.
So it introduces them to the world of finance to people like you and me and some of the women here at CNBC the great ones.
So that they can see theres a possibility of a really interesting career working in finance.
And you point out that families of professionals their kids have 30 million more words than kids on welfare.
A lot of those words are financial related.
Financial words can be scary sometimes even to adults.
Right?
How do we deintimidize is that a word?
How about demystify?
Thank you very much.
Any time.
How do we demystify or make finance less scary how about that?
Yeah I think we just need to talk about it more.
Its just like any language.
Once you start speaking it learning the words its less scary and you dont need to know all the complicated stuff.
You just need to know like hello please thank you and wheres the bathroom and if we can teach the kids the basic language and grammar of finance when theyre little same as when we teach them everything else then its easy.
Then theyre not afraid to ask the question.
Brian Or make up words during segments on vocabulary.
Nan They can do that too.
Nan Morrison great stuff.
Important topic thank you very much for joining us.
Thanks so much for having me here.
Of course I dont want to deintimidize you.
For more you could visit cnbc.com