Have you been told you can't get high speed internet where you live?
Well you can with Hughes Net Gen5.
Experience the power of next generation satellite internet wherever you live.
Hughes Net Gen5 is fast, you'll get 25 Mbps plus built-in wi-fi and there's no hard data limits.
So wherever you live now you can do more of everything you love online.
Connect on social media.
Stay informed.
Watch the latest videos.
And help your kids get ahead.
No wonder Hughes Net is America's number one choice for satellite internet.
[Announcer] Act now to save big with our limited time offer.
Get free standard installation by calling right now.
So what are you waiting for?
Get Hughes Net Gen5.
[Announcer] To order call 1-800-748-5218.
Be sure to ask about our home phone service too.
Call 1-800-748-5218 today.
[Announcer] The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer, tomorrow at 5:00 eastern on CNN.
And welcome back to this very special night at St.
Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire.
I'm Anderson Cooper.
We are just getting started with our CNN Democratic presidential town hall event.
In the last hour, you heard from Senator Amy Klobuchar.
And later tonight, you'll see town halls with Senators Bernie Sanders and Kamala Harris, and Mayor Pete Buttigieg.
Right now, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts.
Now, to pull this event off tonight, CNN has partnered with Harvard University's Institute of Politics, which has just released its youth poll examining the political opinions of young Americans.
And also with the New Hampshire Institute of Politics right here at Saint Anselm College.
Throughout, the night the candidates will take questions from these young college students and young adults who are in the auditorium who say they plan to vote in their state's Democratic primaries and caucuses.
So, please welcome to the stage, Senator Elizabeth Warren.
Welcome.
Hi, it's good to see you.
Hi.
All right.
You want to have a seat?
Are we going to do students?
Let's go right to it.
In that case, I want closer.
Have to keep an eye on the ones in the back, oaky.
I want to start with your big announcement today about college affordability.
Obviously, it could impact a lot of students here.
For that, I want to bring in Dena Miller from Massachusetts.
She's a junior at St. Anselm College studying history, Dena.
Hi, Dena.
Hi, Senator.
I like so many other students had to take out loans to pay for my education that I will be paying off for years.
What is your plan to deal with student debt and the rising cost of education?
Okay, thanks for the question, Dena.
You know, this is the America we live in now.
Basically to get a shot at a middle class life, you've got to have some post high school technical training, two-year college, four-year college, maybe graduate school, depending on who you are and what you're ending up doing.
The position of the federal government has been, good luck to you, you're on your own.
The one thing they've done is they've lent tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions, billions of dollars to our students.
And it is now crushing them.
So, my proposal is to say, this isn't right.
What we have to do as a country is roll back that debt.
And so, I have two parts to the proposal.
Part one is that we say that we're going to roll back student loan debt for about 95% of students who have debt.
That's part one.
And part two is to make sure that we never get in this mess again on student loan debt and that is to make college universally available with free tuition and fees, and to put more money into Pell grants so that students of color, so that our poorest students have real access to college and that we put real money into our historically black colleges and universities.
This is about opportunity for everyone.
And can we talk about how to pay for it?
I was just about to ask for it.
Just for a minute, you want to ask?
Well, that is the criticism obviously from Republicans who say how you're going to pay for it, and even from centrist Democrats who say doesn't this feed the narrative that Democrats want to give everything away for free.
So, let's remember where this all started.
I started several months ago about a wealth tax, an ultra millionaire's tax.
It's 2 cents on every dollar of the great fortunes above $50 million.
So, your 50 millionth and first dollar, you've got to pay 2 cents and 2 cents on all of the dollars after that.
And here's the stunning part.
If we ask the great fortunes in this country, understand, this isn't about trying to be nasty or say you've done anything wrong, what it's about is saying, look, you had a great idea.
You got out there.
You worked hard or you inherited well, whichever one it was.
But now that you've got that great fortune, spend just a minute to remember how you got it.
You built that great business or your ancestors did using workers that all of us helped pay to educate.
You got your goods to market using roads and bridges that all of us helped pay to build.
You are protected in your factories with firefighters and police officers that all of us helped to pay.
And we say, good for you, that you have now gotten this great fortune, but 2 cents.
You've got to pay something back so everybody else gets a chance.
And here's how the money works out.
If we put that 2 cent wealth tax in place on the 75,000 largest fortunes in this country, 2 cents, we can do universal child care for every baby zero to five, universal pre-K, universal college and knock back the student loan debt burden for 95% of our students and still have nearly a trillion dollars left over.
Yeah.
I want you to, this is actually kind of related.
I want you to meet Meghan McCormick from Pennsylvania.
Hi, Meghan.
She's a graduate, you got to listen to this, she's a graduate student at Harvard and MIT.
She's also a contributor at Forbes, where she covers women running high impact organizations in Africa.
You make me feel like a shlub, I mean.
What do you do in your spare time, Meghan?
It's good to see you.
Thank you for being here.
So, Amazon's monopoly means that I can buy generic goods and brand names from my phone and receive them on my doorstep without a delivery fee within 24 hours.
How is breaking up big tech good for me?
Okay, good question, Meghan.
So, here's what we want to remember about Amazon, about Google, about Apple, about a lot of these giant tech companies.
They actually run two businesses.
So, one is the platform.
That's the place where people come to buy and sell goods.
That's where you go to get whatever it is, you know, you can compare 48 printers and get it all delivered in less than 24 hours.
Got it.
Cool.
That's the platform.
Just so you get an idea of the scale here for Amazon, Walmart does about 9% of all retail sales in America.
If you want to sell online, Amazon is doing about 49% of all retail sales that are happening in America.
So that is the marketplace.
So, Amazon runs the marketplace.
I'm cool with that.
I'm all for a marketplace.
But Amazon does a second thing and that is they collect information on every buyer and seller who comes through.
Every time you go to buy something, they get your information and they aggregate it with the other information they had about you.
Every time you come to sell something, they get information.
And then they see that, whoa, over there it looks like pet pillows is starting to make a big profit.
Huh, says Amazon.
I know what let's do.
Let's jump in front of pet pillows and do Amazon pet pillows and move pet pillows from the front page back to page 16.
And the consequence is that Amazon, because of its superior information, can come in and knock out all of the competition.
Now this is a real thing, Meghan, that's happening.
And here's what we know as a consequence of this, is that the area around these giants are referred to by venture capitalists, investors, as the dead zone because it means you try to start up a business, you just run the risk that Amazon steps in front of you or Google steps in front of you or they buy you out before you have a chance to get started.
Look, here's how I see it.
You can run the platform, that is, you can be the umpire in the baseball game and you can run an honest platform, or you can be a player, that is, you can have a business or you can have a team in the game, but you don't get to be the umpire and have a team in the game.
If we break off the platform from the parts that are competing, what you'll see in America is a platform that works really well.
It's a very profitable business, but you'll see a lot more competition where little businesses have a chance to get going, where when you've got a good idea you can build that good idea into something, where there's really a chance for everybody to get in and compete.
So that's the reason I want to see the two of them broken apart.
Do you order stuff from Amazon?
Sure.
You do?
What was the last thing you ordered, do you know?
A mailbox.
Okay.
What did they put the mailbox in when they deliver it?
It comes in a box.
It was a box of mailbox.
We have another question now.

This is Seth Filo from Arizona.
He's a freshman at Harvard, a supporter of Mayor Buttigieg.
Seth?
Senator Warren, in 2012, you opposed the legalization of marijuana nationwide.
And then in 2013, as senator of Massachusetts, you oppose the state initiative for legalization.
Yet in 2016, you came out in support of the legalization of marijuana nationwide.
What are your honest views on the legalization of marijuana and marijuana legislation?
And if they have, why have they changed?
So, actually, I supported Massachusetts changing its laws on marijuana.
Massachusetts had decriminalized at that point and I thought it made a lot more sense for Massachusetts to go ahead and legalize marijuana, and I now support the legalization of marijuana.
And let me tell you at least a couple of reasons why.
The first one is, it's just a plain old science reason.
It makes no darn sense that right now in America, we treat marijuana as a schedule 1 drug, which means in effect the federal government has determined in advance that it has no medicinal use, that it can't have any good effects, no research is supposed to be done.
It makes it very hard to do research on it.
And that's just, we should be doing this, right?
We should be looking into it.
But the second reason is because of the racial impact of the enforcement of marijuana laws.
You know, right now in this country, the best evidence suggests that African-Americans and whites use marijuana at about the same rates, and yet African-Americans are far more likely to be arrested for marijuana use than whites are.
So, every time we start to talk about criminal justice reform, for example, I think a good place to start is with the things we make illegal, and one of the best places we could start is by legalizing marijuana.
I want you to meet Jackson Dwyer, he's from Massachusetts.
He's a senior at St. Anselm College. Jackson?
Hi, Jackson.
Hi, Senator.
You have often been a vocal critic of police and the criminal justice system, both the state and the federal levels.
As a young Massachusetts voter and aspiring police officer who's lived through countless tragedies, including the recent murders of Sergeant Gannon of Yarmouth and Officer Michael Chesna of Weymouth, how can you assure me that you will support legislation that keeps law enforcement safe?
So that's a very good question.
I appreciate your asking it.
You know, I talk with a lot of people in different parts of the criminal justice system, people who are in law enforcement, people who are in the judicial system, people when they are incarcerated, various parts of it, and what all of them tell me is we've got a problem.
Our criminal justice system is broken.
And right at the heart of that problem is race.
And we have to address this head on.
So let me just give you some basic information about what's happening right now in our criminal justice system.
Study after study after study shows us that African-Americans compared with whites are more likely to be for exactly the same crimes, they're more likely to be arrested, they're more likely to be arraigned, they are more likely to be taken to trial.
They are more likely to be wrongfully convicted and they are more likely to receive harsher sentences.
That is a criminal justice system that is not only locking up too many people, it is a criminal justice system that has a problem of race right at the heart of it, and we need to call it out for what it is.
No one is safer in a world where we have a broken criminal justice system.
So let me just go through a couple of the parts directly to your question.
I said on the first part, one way we can help fix this system is take a look at what it is we make illegal.
How about the next part in the judicial system?
We need to make sure that everybody is entitled and gets good legal representation.
Throughout the system, we want to make sure the right people are incarcerated and not the wrong people because they couldn't afford to hire a lawyer.
Justice is not just for those who are rich, justice is for everyone, and the only way we're gonna get that in America is if we're able to put the resources into it.
Third part of this is we should get rid of for-profit private prisons.
It is an outrage in America.
Fourth is that when people leave the prison system, they need to be reintegrated into their communities.
They need to be able to have a chance to get a job, to be able to find decent housing, and they need to be able to participate in the political process.
And that means they need the right to vote to be reinstated.
They are American citizens.
And one more, you talk about safety for our police officers and you are right.
This is a very serious issue.
One of the main ways that we could help make our police safer is to get serious about gun safety in this country.
You mentioned Sergeant Gannon's tragic death in Massachusetts.
I wrote an op-ed with his parents about asking for our leaders across this country to step up and pass some sensible gun safety laws.
We need universal background checks.
We need to take weapons of war off our city streets.
Right now, we live in America where seven children and teenagers will die every single day, where the lives of officers are put at risk.
We need as a country to step up, to be more responsible, to be willing to push back against the NRA and to put some sensible gun safety laws in place.
I think that will be the best that we can do.
Thank you.
Thank you for your question.
[Anderson] This is Ellie Taylor.
She's from Wisconsin.
She's a student at Harvard and she's a freshman.
Ellie, welcome. Hi, Ellie.
Hi, Senator.
So, this isn't as much of a policy-based question.
But some have voiced concerns about you getting Hillaried in the election, meaning that you get held to a higher standard than your opponent for potentially arbitrary or may be even sexist reasons.
So what lessons have you learned from 2016 that will help you to kind of navigate these situations when you might be criticized for something that's partially motivated by sexist?
So, that's a really good question, but if I can, I want to go back before 2016.
Can we all just let our hair down here for a minute?
This didn't just start in 2016, right?
Been around for a while.
I'll tell you when I ran into it big time.
I never thought I was going to be in elected politics.
I've known what I wanted to do all my life.
I wanted to be a teacher.
And I thought that would be my job forever.
And during the crash, I end up down in Washington setting up a consumer agency for President Obama.
After I did that for a year, the Republicans said, we're never going to let her stay and run that thing.
So, I came back to Massachusetts.
And there was an incumbent Republican, a very popular Republican incumbent who had the Senate seat and he was coming up for reelection.
Understand, he had high approval ratings, he had a bucket of money in the bank from Wall Street, and he had just beaten a woman who was really good and everybody thought was going to win.
So, I start getting these phone calls from people and they say, Elizabeth, you should run against him for the Senate seat.
You should do it.
Go ahead.
You should do this thing.
You're going to lose, but you should definitely do, these were Democrats calling me.
Saying, you should do this.
You're going to lose.
All I can say is, Democrats, get a better message.
But people said to me, you're going to lose because Massachusetts in 2011, according to conventional wisdom, was not ready to have a woman senator or governor.
We never had and people said it's just not going to happen, not at least for another generation.
Now you can imagine how I heard that.
I heard that as, get in this race, right now, which is what I did.
So I jumped in the race and sure enough, you know, the early coverage is about what I'm wearing.
It's about my hair.
It's about my voice.
It's about whether or not I smile enough.
I didn't.
It was every part of that.
And this kept up and I thought, you know, look, I'm going to be in this race.
I'm going to make something count every single day.
So every day when I saw a little girl, I would come up and I'd usually get down, I'm a teacher, and I would say, hi, my name is Elizabeth and I'm running for Senate because that's what girls do.
And then we would pinky swear to remember.
And so, every night when I went home, no matter what the day had been like, I would count up how many pinky swears we had done during the day.
And I kept getting out there and hammering my message.
I kept getting out there talking about what's happening with working families across the country, talking about how Washington works great for the rich and the powerful, just not working for anyone else, and how we've got to fight back against that.
So I talked about it every single day and ultimately, I went from 17 points behind that guy to beating him by seven and a half.
So, the way I see it is here we are in a presidential, and it's the same kind of you stay after it every day.
One might say you persist.
Organize, build a grassroots movement, fight for working people, and that's how I'm going to be the first woman elected president of the United States.
Thank you.
We're going to take a quick break.
We'll be right back more with the CNN presidential town hall live in St. Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire.
Stay with us. [Announcer] Leave no man behind or child or other child.
Or their new friend.
Or your giant nephews
and their giant dad.
Or a horse.
Or a horse's brother for that matter.
The room for eight 9000 pound towing Ford Expedition.
[Announcer] Everyone's gotta listen to mom.
When it comes to reducing the sugar in your family's diet Coke, Dr Pepper and Pepsi hear you and we're working together to do just that.
Bringing you more great tasting beverages with less sugar or no sugar at all.
Smaller portion sizes.
Clear calorie labels and reminders to think balance.
Because we know mom wants what's best.
More beverage choices, smaller portions, less sugar.
Balanceus.org.
[Announcer] Feel the clarity of non drowsy Claritin and relief form symptoms caused by over 200 indoor and outdoor allergens, like those from Buddy.
Because stuffed animals are clearly no substitute for the real ones.
Feel the clarity and live Claritin clear.
We bought a house in a neighborhood with a lot of other young couples.
Then we noticed something strange.
Oh, could you make me a burger?
[Men] Poof, you're a burger.
Everyone acts like their parents.
You have a tattoo.
Yes.
Fun, do you not work?
So what kind of mower have you got Seth?
I don't know, I have some kid comes over, we pay him to do it.
But it's not all bad, someone even showed us how we can save money by bundling home and auto with Progressive.