
Five of the top presidential candidates are sharing the same stage tonight for town halls with young adults.
And students who say that they plan to vote in their states primaries and caucuses.
And they are right here in the audience with us.
Weve already heard from Senators Amy Klobuchar Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders.
And next hour were gonna hear from Mayor Pete Buttigieg.
But right now its time to welcome to this very stage Senator Kamala Harris of California.
Hey guys hi hi.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to be have a seat.
Thank you.
Wow theyre happy to see you.
Hi good to see you guys.
Now lets get to it because we want you to get as much out the next hour both of you.
That sounds great.
All of you as possible so lets start with whats dominating the news right now.
And You know thats the fallout from the Mueller report.
Kamala Yes.
We have a question from her name is Karla Alvarado shes right there to the right.
And Karla is a senior at Harvard University from Massachusetts Karla.
Good evening Senator Harris.
Thank you for joining us this evening.
In light of Muellers report do you believe the Democrats in Congress should reconsider their position on impeachment?
Well it depends on who youre talking to and what their position is.
But heres how I feel about it and thank you for the question Karla.
Look for those of us who have been following the investigation and have seen any part of that report.
It is very clear that there is a lot of good evidence pointing to obstruction and obstruction of justice.
And I believe very strongly first of all let me just be very clear about the table set.
I believe that we need to get rid of this president thats why Im running for to become president of the United States.
So that is part of the premise obviously of my point.
But I think we have very good reason to believe that there is an investigation that has been conducted which has produced evidence that tells us that this president and his administration engaged in obstruction of justice.
I believe congress should take the steps towards impeachment.
But I wanna say this because it doesnt end there I also wanna say this.
I am also a realist and when I look at what has been happening over the two years and some months that Ive been in the United States Senate.
I have also witnessed folks in the United States Congress and in particular in the GOP.
Who have been presented with many reasons to push back against this president and they have not.
And when we look at the impeachment process.
There will be what happens in the House an investigation that takes place.
I think we can be pretty sure that it looks like that is very likely to happen.
And then its gonna go over to the Senate and in the House there needs to be a vote by a majority a simple majority.
And then its gonna come over to the senate.
And Ive not seen any evidence since Ive been in the United States Senate.
That the United States Senate and the Republicans hold the majority.
Ive not seen any evidence to suggest that they will weigh on the facts instead of on partisan adherence to being protective of this president.
And thats what concerns me and what will be the eventual outcome.
So we have to be realistic about what might be the end result.
But that doesnt mean the process should not take hold.
All right thank you Senator.
Lets talk about you cause a lot of the young folks.
A lot of the students here at the Harvard Institute of Politics.
Theyre concerned about how gun violence might affect them or family members someone whos close to them.
On that topic is Ben Bernier hes standing right there.
Hes a student at the University of New Hampshire studying history he is from Massachusetts Ben.
Thank you thank you Senator.
Hi Ben.
As a future educator Im really bothered that public schools are being targets for mass shootings.
Two days ago was the 20th anniversary of the Columbine Massacre.
But still two decades later no major gun control legislation has been passed.
So my question is as president how will you go about keeping our schools safe and keeping guns out of the hands of those who should not have them?
Thank you Ben and Im sure that there are plenty of students here who while you were in high school even middle school that you had to participate in a drill right.
Where you were convened and your teachers taught you about how you need to go run in a closet cause there maybe a mass shooter roaming the hallways at your school.
And in our America that should never have to happen.
Conversations take placeevery night.
Conversations take place every night between students and their parents.
Why do these things have to happen?
Why do we have to have a drill like that?
To which of course the response is because there are people in Washington DC supposed leaders.
Who have failed to have the courage to reject a false choice.
Which suggests youre either in favor of the Second Amendment or you wanna take everyones guns away.
Supposed leaders in Washington DC who have failed to have the courage to recognize.
You know what you wanna go hunting thats fine.
But we need reasonable gun safety laws in this country starting with universal background checks and a renewal of the assault weapon ban.
But they have failed to have the courage to act so Ben heres my response to you.
Upon being elected I will give the United States Congress 100 days to get their act together and have the courage to pass reasonable gun safety laws.
And if they fail to do it then I will take executive action and specifically what I will do is put in place a requirement that for anyone who sells more than five guns a year they are required to do background checks when they sell those guns.
I will require that for any gun dealer that breaks the law the ATF take their license.
And by the way ATF Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms.
Well the ATF has being a lot of the A and the T but not much of the F and we need to fix that.
And thenOn the third piece cause none of us have been sleeping over the last two years.
Part of what has happened under the current administration is they took fugitives off the list of prohibited people.
Id put them back on the list meaning that fugitives from justice should not be able to purchase a handgun or any kind of weapon.
So thats what Id do.
Don Will this be your first executive action as president?
Well it depends on what else happens thatd be after 100 days.
Lets see what happens in the first 100 days.
All right fair enough.
Angela Garrazzo is here and she is a freshman at Saint Anselm College studying International Relations.
She is from New Hampshire Angela.
Good evening Senator my question is as a college student with over 25000 of debt in my first year alone.
What will you do to alleviate the financial burdens of the student debt crisis?
Do you support initiatives such as free college loan protective legislation or student repayment plans?
Yeah Angela and listen the students in New Hampshire are among the top five in the country with student loan debt.
And it is absolutely unconscionable that we have students in America who are in absolute fear about the debt that they will owe upon graduation.
And I have met and know so many students who are making decisions about their career based on their fear that they may not be able to pay their bills.
I know so many students who have graduated who are making decisions about whether or not to have a family.
Based on the burden of their student loan debt and being concerned about whether theyre gonna actually be able to get through the month.
We cannot afford to have a system like this especially for young people who have made an investment of their time and their resources.
Because they actually want an education to live a productive life and contribute to our society and be leaders.
So heres what Id do specifically I do support debtfree college.
I also believe that what we need to do is we need to allow students to refinance your student loan debt.
And in particular I am supporting an initiative that would allow you to refinance your student loan debt such that it would be on par with the federal lending amounts.
So for example if you probably none of you here but any of your older brothers and sisters.
If you took out student loans between the years of about 2006 through 2013 the interest rate was about 7.
What I am proposing is regardless of the interest rate at the time that you took out your student loans that upon repayment it would have to be at 3.5.
The other thing is this part of the issue is in terms of repayment.
There is no connection between what you owe and your income.
So what I would be requiring is that there would be a robust process by which incomebased repayment would be the norm.
And finally lets look at the fact that for all of you and all of anybody who has applied for financial aid.
That is an awful process.
You guys know what Im talking about all those pages you can barely get through that form.
And so part of what we need to do is simplify that process.
But we have got to do a better job in this country because I look at something like for example teachers.
Ive been spending a lot of time.
I think a lot about education in terms of every aspect of it from student loans to what we need to do to pay our teachers their value.
And the number of teachers who have left the profession of teaching cause they cant afford to pay off their student loans.
Right now were looking at actually a deficit of teachers based on the number of students that we need to actually teach and the few teachers we have especially rural areas.
So its a big issue and it crosses a lot of subjects.
Well let me jump in here because if students I mean teachers can pay their loans.
Elizabeth Warren is here as you know.
She said that she supports student loan forgiveness for 42 million Americans.
Yeah.
Would you go that far do you support that?
Well I support anything that is about reducing the debt of student loans and I think thats an important conversation to have.
Okay fair enough.
Lets move on now Ryan Wilson is here Ryan is a sophomore at Harvard studying Neuroscience in California and a supporter of Julian Castro Ryan.
Hi good evening Senator Harris.
My name is Ryan and Im a constituent of yours from Orange country California.
In a January town hall when asked about your approach to universal health care you acknowledged that youd support eliminating private insurers in favor of a single payer health insurance program.
How do you respond to the 74 of Americans who wish to have the option to keep their private insurers?
Well I support Medicare for all and I support it for a number of reasons.
That include the fact that there are a lot of people in our country who simply do not have access to healthcare cause they cannot afford it.
And thats unconscionable and I actually believe its a moral issue.
And it is a sign of weather or not we are gonna be a civil society to determine are people gonna have access to healthcare simply because they can afford it.
When in fact that should be a right and not a privilege of the few who can afford it.
That is the value with which I bring to this discussion.
I will also say this on the issue of this whole dynamic about access to private insurance.
Yeah of course private insurance you can get supplemental insurance and all that.
But lets not be duped by a messaging campaign that has been waged for years by the insurance companies.
To have you into believing that you need to defend them you need to defend yourself.
You know what 91 of the doctors are in Medicare.
So the idea and the suggestion theyre trying to make to you is really a false one.
You will be able to have your doctor.
91 of them are in the Medicare system.
And Ill tell you another thing and its a personal story.
My mother who my mother was all of five feet tall if you ever met her you would thought she was seven feet tall.
She was an incredible woman.
She had two goals in her life.
She was a breast cancer researcher.
Her goal was to end breast cancer and raise her two daughters.
Well she got cancer and she ultimately passed away from cancer.
But if you have ever had the unfortunate experience of going through the healthcare system with someone who has an acute illness.
Im gonna tell you what that is.
It is having a doctor say to you have you heard of the term anticipatory grief.
Which you hadnt heard before but when you hear it it makes perfect sense.
Which means youre starting already to grieve the loss of someone that is still around.
You have the experience of going in and out of hospitals helping someone who is frail and weak in and out of cars to get into a hospital.
You look at medical charts and sometimes the medicine jives sometimes it doesnt.
Sometimes people are paying attention to this is the medication that causes drowsiness.
They dont want or pain that they cant bear.
You go through the process of worrying about is there something I can cook that will make you be able to eat and hold down.
You go through the process of being concerned that somebody who is on chemotherapy are there clothes.
Can I get you something thats soft enough that you can wear that will not irritate your skin.
Now thankfully our mother had Medicare but for people who are going through this process which they are every day in America.
For them to also have to be concerned about how theyre going to pay that bill is unconscionable.
And thats how I feel about this subject.
Cost should not be the barrier to receiving the care that will relieve you of pain or help improve your quality of life.
And weve got to get this right thats how I feel.
So you mentioned the insurance companies you dont feel like you have to defend the insurance companies?
No I dont have to.
So the bill that you cosponsored it would effectively eliminate private insurance.
Is there room for private insurance in a?
No of course there is for supplemental insurance absolutely.
For companies for private insurance companies theres room in your administration for that.
Yeah.
Okay but listen in this bill.
But Don I think that its really important to talk about the goal.
Right I mean we can talk about the intermediate steps.
But the goal has to be and we all have to agree access to healthcare is a right and should be thought of as a right and pubic policy should create it.
Such that it is a real right and not a privilege for those who can afford it.
And its one of the biggest issues impacting American families right now.
Im traveling this country its one of the biggest issues.
The number of people who sit down and make decisions about whether theyre gonna have access to healthcare or not based on money you would shocked.
One out of four diabetes patients in our country cannot afford their insulin.
There is a drug that helps save a life if there have been an overdose of opioids.
And that drug can cost up 4000 thats unconscionable.
Listen but to be clear this bill that you cosponsored essentially phases out private insurance for four years in four years.
I dont think thats right.
Thats what the studies show that it would phase out private insurance.
Which bill Im actually supporting?
The bill that you cosponsored.
Medicare for all?
Yes would cosponsored with Bernie Sanders Medicare for all would effectively eliminate private insurance.
It would essentially phase out private insurance companies.
As the main source but there would still be supplemental.
Thered still be access to supplemental insurance Okay all right.
For whatever is not covered but lets be clear about it.
Medicare for all under the plan that I am supporting will extend coverage.
So whereas right now it does not cover dental vision hearing aids.
Under the plan Medicare for all it will cover those needs will be covered there will an extension of it.
Including mental health services including what we need to do better around women having greater access to reproductive health care.
All right now the Green New Deal.
Yes.
The Green New Deal everyone wants to hear wants to know about that.
Max Ratner is originally from Massachusetts.
He is now a student at Saint Anselm College right here.
Last summer he interned for Senator Ed Markey.
Max whats your question?
Senator Harris thank you for taking my question.
Thank you Max.
The Green New Deal is not a law but rather a memorandum that has no actual legislative effect.
Its been characterized as expensive divides democrats and has no chance of passing through congress in its current state.
Why do you support it?
I support it because I to my core know that the climate crisis is representing an existential threat to who we are as human beings.
We have had supposed leaders who are buying science and pushing science fiction instead of science fact.
And this is to our collective peril if we dont take this matter seriously with a sense of urgency.
Why I support the Green New Deal is because it does that.
It puts timelines in effect it appreciates that we need to take this seriously and the clock is ticking every day on this issue.
And every day we fail to act will be to our collective consequence.
The UN has already said over the next 12 years if we dont get this straight there will be severe consequence.
And this is within our ability to do something about it.
Listen families are impacted by this.
You know children seniors we all need to drink clean air drink clean water and breathe clean air.
And you know dont drink the air.
You look at farmers farmers are impacted by this climate change.
You can look at fire fighters in California who are impacted by climate change.
Across the board people are being impacted by this.
Lets also look at the fact that we have in so many states great work that is happening.
That is actually contributing to the economy around an investment in renewable energies.
The bureau of labor statistics came out with a list last year of the top 20 jobs that are gonna see the greatest amount of growth in our country over the next 10 years.
Number one and number two installation and maintenance of wind turbines and solar paneling.
Lets look at it in the context of what we know to be true about water.
Water is a precious and diminishing resource on our planet.
When you look at whats happening around shifting populations around the globe climate change is one of the main factors in what is happening.
There was a time and still to this day where were fighting wars over oil.
In a short matter of time guys were gonna be fighting wars over water.
Part of what we can do with the Green New Deal is have a sense of urgency on all these matters.
Including the precious nature of water and what we need to do to be smarter on public policy.
I think that for example that we need to have really diversify public policy on water.
With an equal emphasis on recycling on conservation on capture of water storage of water desalination.
We need to invest in electric cars.
We need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
All of that is in the Green New Deal.
And you know the greatest thing about it that Im really enjoying.
It it causing these conversations to happen around our country in a way theyve not been in the last few years.
And hopefully everyone is understanding that so much of the harm we are doing to our planet is caused by us as human beings.
And the solutions will be because we change our behaviors without much requirement of change to lifestyle.
And it will be urgent in terms of the work we need to do and the approach we need to have but we can see success.
Weve seen it in California.
In California we made a decision that we would go back to the 1990s standards in terms of emissions by the year 2020 and weve already met those goals.
This can happen we can do it but there has to be leadership in our country and that is one of the main reasons we need a new president of the United States.
All right so speaking of air and water why dont we take a a breather.
Okay.
And get a sip of water were gonna be right back with more of CNNs special Democratic presidential town hall event.
Make sure you stay with us.
Shaving has been difficult for me.
I have very sensitive skin I get ingrown hairs so its a daunting task.
Oh I love it its a great razor.
It has that fence in the middle it gives a nice smooth shave just stopping that irritation that burn that I get.
Its really life changing laughs Here comes the rain.
Whats that girl?
Flo needs help?
Take me to her.
Were coming Flo!
Why arent we taking roads?
Flo!
Oh you made it do you have change for a dollar?
This was the emergency?
Yes I was busy.
Narrator 24 hour road side assistance from Americas number one motorcycle insurer.
You know I think youre my best friend.
You dont have to say Im your best friend thats okay.
Narrator Everyday visionaries are creating the future.
So every day we put our latest technology and unrivaled network to work.
The United States Postal Service makes more eCommerce deliveries to homes than anyone else in the country.
Because the future only happens with people who really know how to deliver it.
Music Woo hoo hoo I feel my temperature rising Music Music Help me Im flaming Music Music I must be a hundred and nine Music Narrator Applebees bigger bolder grill combos now thats eating good in the neighborhood.
With Samuel Adams we were always looking for the best hops out of 150000 acres of hops in the world.
These 16 are the best of the best.
I can taste your middle fruit hops in every glass of Boston lager.
Narrator The right gear matters.
Introducing the all new 2019 Ford Ranger.
Its the right gear.
With a terrain management system for this.
A bash plate for that and electronic locking rear differential for yeah this.
Heading to the supermarket get any truck.
Heading out here get the Ford Ranger.
The only adventure gear built Ford tough.
Narrator Doctor Sanjay Gupta voyages through one of the darkest coldest countries in the world Norway.
How come Im the only one thats cold?
Narrator And finds some of the happiest people.
Whats their secret?
Chasing Life Saturday May 4th at nine eastern.
Great another wireless ad.
So many of them are full this complicated tricky language about their network and offers and blah blah blah blah blah.
Look Sprints gonna do things differently and let you decide for yourself.
Theyre offering a new 100 total satisfaction guarantee.
Try it out and see the savings.
If you dont love it get your money back.
See simple.
Now Sprints unlimited plan comes with one of the newest phones included for just 35 a month.
So switch now.
Whats good Josh its Deshawn.
Man I know whats youre going through.
You know sometimes you get a great hand and the other times you dont.
Living in your dads car always on the move you played the hand you had and it paid off.
Announcer Over the shoulder and scores!
The cards about to be dealt again Josh.
This is your time my dog.
Narrator United Shades of America with W.Kamau Bell returns Sunday at 10 on CNN.
And welcome to CNNs special Democratic presidential town hall event.
We are live on the campus of Saint Anselm College in Manchester New Hampshire.
And right now we are talking with California Senator Kamala Harris.
Good to be with you Don.
Its good to have you here.
I wanna bring in now Vanessa Chambers she is a freshman at Harvard studying computer science.
She is from New Orleans.
Kamala Oh great.
Hello Senator Harris how are you?
How are you doing?
I was just in New Orleans actually.
Oh wow!
laughs So my question talks about how this country plans to administer reparations to the descendant of former slaves.
Its been discussed heavily Georgetown just voted to devote a portion their students tuition to administer reparations to the descendants of the 272 slaves who were sold in the 19th century to save the school.
However this is but a small step.
What actions what specific actions do you plan to take to administer reparations for this unpaid labor.
Right so Im actually supporting a bill.
Theres a congresswoman by the name of Sheila Jackson Lee that has written this Bill out of the House.
Which Im supporting to study exactly which should be the response to your question.
But to your point and to support your point.
Look we had centuries of slavery in this country.
We had decades of Jim Crow.
We had legalized discrimination and segregation and then we had defacto discrimination and segregation.
And to believe or suggest that those years of treatment and abuse and violence and crimes did not have an impact is to overlook the facts of history.
And for that reason I support the legislation and what we need to do to think about specifically what it means in terms of the next steps.
But I thank you for that question.
Senator yes or no do you support financial reparations?
I support that we study them.
We should study and see but look lets look at this for example.
One of the issues that is very clear is that trauma years of trauma or even one experience with trauma can lead to lifelong consequences.
Im supporting some work and was part of some work that had started years ago of looking at children who are growing up in a community where there is violence.
And if you look at the associated then physical health effects that are associated with exposure to trauma.
And what that can mean in terms of physical disability not to mention what it means in terms of a childs ability to learn and be educated.
There are real factors that can be associated with trauma.
And were you were talking about the years and years and years of trauma that were experienced because of slavery because of Jim Crow.
And because of all that we have seen in terms of institutional and legal discrimination and racism.
This is very real and it needs to studied and we need to look at exactly how the response should be played out and how it should be worked.
I dont need to tell you that a big voting block in the Democratic Party black Americans.
Yes.
Whats your agenda for black America?
Well its a number of things first of all we need to deal with the economic status of African Americans in this country.
When you look at it in terms of everything from home ownership to wages we can see huge disparities.
And so that needs to be addressed.
Lets look at an issue like maternal mortality.
I am actually presenting what I believe should be the response to that.
I have studied this issue.
Black women are three to four times more likely to die in connection with child birth.
And when you study the issue it becomes very clear that it is regardless of the socio economic status of those women.
It is regardless of their educational level.
It is as it turns out without much more investigation a matter of racial bias in the health care delivery system.
Those women are not taken as seriously when they show up at the clinic or the doctors office or the hospital.
I am looking at it in terms of being a proud member and graduate of an HBCU Howard University.
And what we need to do to support our HBCUs.
I was proud that we actually I had a piece of legislation that actually has been passed.
To invest federal resources and supporting our HBCUs recognizing that HBCUs really produce in some professions the majority of African Americans who enter those professions.
So there are a number of issues and including of course what we need to do to reform the criminal justice system.
Okay this is a Ive done a number of town halls.
This is a fascinating question I think that youll find.
Its coming from Diana Ding shes a junior at Harvard studying computer science from San Francisco Diana.
Hi Senator thank you for taking my question.
Thank you.
You have told The Root that you support legalizing sex work.
How will you ensure that sex workers are doing this work because they want to and not because they have no opportunity to do other work?
Given that sex workers often come from marginalized communities.
No thats right so what I dont support is criminalizing these women.
So my background as you know is I was a prosecutor.
When I was district attorney of San Francisco I instituted a number of policies that were focused on women and children and how they were treated frankly with bias in the criminal justice system.
Where they were criminalized without really looking at the real offender and so and often that case was the pimps and the johns.
But instead the women were being arrested as prostitutes.
And so I created policies that were about saying that we really need to focus on the other folks and not just on the women.
I was responsible for an initiative in San Francisco that was about recognizing that girls who are being trafficked were being called teenage prostitutes.
When in fact they were the victims of an incredible amount of abuse and had been trafficked.
And so I created a whole policy in San Francisco that was one intended to stop calling them teenage prostitutes.
But instead to call them sexually exploited youth and because of the work that we did we then created a safe house for these young women.
So then instead of them being arrested and put in juvenile hall they would be in a safe house.
And then we were responsible for actually getting legislation passed that said that when those johns and pimps are prosecuted they should be prosecuted in connection with the sale of a child.
Again looking at what need to do to figure out whos doing what.
As it relates to women who are being trafficked I was one of the leaders in the country with many others in saying that Backpage needed to be put out of business.
Because they were in the business of basically allowing the trafficking in particular of underaged girls.
So this something that I have had a lifelong experience with including what we need to go after those who traffic girls and women and boys.
We should also be clear about that.
And I take it very seriously but we should not be criminalizing women who are engaged in consensual opportunities for employment.
But we should definitely be careful and be sure that they are not being trafficked or abused in any way.
Our next question Senator comes from Margaret McSherry.
Margaret is a junior at Saint Anselm College right here studying polices and shes originally from Massachusetts Margaret.
Hello Senator a question for you.
As tensions grow between the United States and nations like Russia and North Korea what should be done to prepare the nation for the possibility of cyber warfare?
Oh thats a great question Margaret Im so glad you asked it.
Cause its really its been changeling.
Ive been talking about it in the United States Senate.
I serve on the Senate Homeland Security Committee.
I serve on the Senate Intelligence Committee.
You know newsflash Russia interfered in the election of the president of The United States.
And in fact on that point about cyber security.
One it is real.
When we talk about national security to your point a new form of war.
We should understand will be cyber attacks and cyber attacks can take a number of forms.
But usually to our critical infrastructure.
So weve already seen one cause you know what under the previous administration our election system was designated as critical infrastructure right.
So we already know that we have been have attacked in terms of our elections.
We should also understand that we are vulnerable in terms of our electrical grids.
We are vulnerable in terms of all of the systems that hold together our financial systems.
That hold together our medical care systems and we have got to pay greater attention.
I have a bill that is a bipartisan bill.
That is designed to strengthen states election systems to prevent the next attack its a bipartisan bill.
And the leader in the United States Senate will not put in on the floor for a vote.
And this will be to our collective peril when people play politics with an issue that is truly about our vulnerability as a country.
I worked on this issue when I was attorney general.
I was attorney general of California for two terms.
And a lot of work that we did there was about making sure that we were focused on the vulnerabilities that we have because of technology and doing what we can to protect it.
As the president of the United States I will tell you that will be one of my number one issues.
Because as far as I think about it were used to and we prepare for war because we should and we should make sure that were ready in the event of.
Well this will be a war without blood and we are not prepared and we must be.
But we cannot be in denial and this president of the United States is in utter denial about the realities.
From the vulnerabilities of our cyber system to the vulnerabilities now of children.
Something I know that is important to you.
I wanna bring in Nicole Senders.
Shes a student at Harvard Graduate School of Education originally from Oregon and is a supporter of Mayor Pete Buttigieg Nicole.
Hi Nicole laughs.
Thank you for being here tonight.
You recently mentioned your regret of the California Truancy Law that arrested parents for frequently absent children.
Are there any other laws or policies that you regret as a prosecutor and what actions if any would you take to remedy this as president.
So let me be clear I absolutely believe that children have and should be thought of to have a constitutional right to an education.
And period so the truancy initiative that youre referring to was started by me when I was DA.
Because I took a look at who the homicide victims were who are under the age of 25.
People were just used to these young men being killed and I said wait a minute instead of just responding when they are killed with putting more police on the streets or having gang enforcement strategies.
Why arent we asking the question who are they?
So I asked that question who are these young men who are under the age of 25 when they are being killed?
And I quickly learned that 94 of them were high school dropouts.
I then looked closer into the issue and learned of the chronically and habitually truant students.
Up to 40 of them were elementary school students missing 50 60 up to 80 days of 180 day school year.
So I decided to take the issue on and I took the issue on for a number of reasons.
One understanding an elementary school truant is three to four times likely to be a high school dropout.
70 of the prisoners in the United States are high school dropouts.
An African American man who was high school dropout between the age of 20 and 24 is two thirds likely to be in jail have been in jail or dead.
So I took the issue on and I said what we have got to do is pay attention to the fact that these children arent in school and put all the resources necessary to get them in school.
And give their parent the resources hold the school districts accountable.
Why arent the school districts raising the alarm and putting all the resources possible and to getting these kids to school everyday.
And as a result of our initiative first of all nobody went to jail.
And as a result of our initiative we improved attendance by over 30 and to put a fine point on this.
When we look at the issue of education in our children.
No child should be overlooked and this is what the system does guys.
For certain kids the system really doesnt expect much from them that is a harsh reality in many places.
And so when theyre not showing up in school the system is just keeps moving.
And I said this is wrong lets put a spotlight on this issue.
And lets deal with it because these children have a capacity equal to any child in any other school district.
And you can best believe the community where I was talking about.
A large part of those communities had an annual income household income of about 15000.
You think if the children in those school districts that had a annual income of 150 or 300000.
You think the alarms would not have been raised if those children hadnt been attending school everyday.
Much less missing up to 80 days of 180 day school year.
Thats why I took that issue on.
Another issue that I wanna talk to you about which is really important.
Im not sure if you were watching earlier but Senator Bernie Sanders said that he in favor of felons being able to vote while serving in prison.
He was asked specifically about people like the Boston Marathon bomber.
Also people who were convicted of sexual assault and he said this is a quote.
The right vote is inherent to our democracy yes even for terrible people.
Do you agree with that Senator?
I agree that the right to vote is one of the very important components of citizenship.
And it is something that people should not be stripped needlessly.
Which is why I have been long an advocate of making sure that the formerly incarcerated are not denied a right to vote.
Which is the case in so many states in our country.
In some states permanently deprived of the right to vote and these are policies that go back to Jim Crow.
These are policies that go back to the heart of policies that have been about disenfranchisement.
Policies that continue until today and we need to take it seriously.
But the people who are convicted in prison like the Boston Marathon bomber on death row.
People who are convicted of sexual assault they should be able to vote?
I think we should have that conversation.
Okay all right thank you.
Were gonna have more with Senator Kamala Harris from the special Democratic this special CNN Democratic presidential town hall event right here after this break.
Dont go anywhere.
Who knew.
Yeah so youre with the UPS store.
Yes in fact we printed these right here.
Oh I thought you guys just did shipping.
No we do printing packing faxing notarizing shredding mailboxing copying taping binding.
Uh huh.
Consulting designing returning storing creating oh and of course shipping.
So youre into shipping?
We also do printing packing faxing.
Narrator Come into the UPS store today for every ing your small business need and of course shipping.
Lela Im in trouble please help me.
Shes till alive weve got to go.
Im the only person who knows what you are doing.
Were not always the good guy.
I just never considered myself that bad.
Theyll come after us.
We need to get out of here.
If I go down you go down.
Im taking care of it.
Its over.
Not for me.
Narrator Deep State returns Sunday only on Epix.
Get the channel or get the app.
Did you know that four out of five home owners draw a blank when asked what their home projects should cost.
Thats why home advisor created a national database of home project costs.
So you can easily see what others paid for similar projects in your area.
Then you can get matched with top rated pros and read their reviews all for free.
Start your next home project knowing what you should pay.
Go to homeadvisor.com or download the free app.
Music Home Advisor Music At Safelite AutoGlass we really pride ourselves on making it easy to get your windshield fixed.
Lets turn in your science papers.
Pascal This teacher always puts her students first.
I did mine on volcanoes.
You did oh I cant wait to read it.
Pascal So when she had auto glass damage she chose Safelite.
With Safelite she could see exactly when wed be there.
You must be Pascal.
Yes Maam.
Saving her time.
Bye.
Pascal So she can save the science project.
Music Safelite repairs Safelite replace Music Uh oh looks like someones still nervous about buying a new house.
Is it that obvious?
Yes it is.
You know maybe youd worry less if you got Geico to help with your homeowners insurance.
I didnt know Geico helps with homeowners insurance.
Yeah theyve been doing it for years.
What are you doing Big Steve?
Thanks man.
There he is.
Narrator Get to know Geico and see how much you can save on homeowners and renters insurance.
We like to imagine that after theres been a verdict that the story is over.
The reality is the journey is just beginning.
Music Save me Music I had a lot of root canals extractions always in dental pain.
I knew dentures would not be right for me because Im too active.
Had a lot of cavities root canals eating anything cold it would hurt so bad.
I was embarrassed of my teeth.
I dont think dentures were ever a solution.
The only option for me was ClearChoice.
Narrator The ClearChoice one day approach is making dental implants a reality for people all over the country who suffer from missing or failing teeth.
Because we have the surgeon and the prosthodontist and the lab in one facility working together as a team we can perform this procedure in one day.
They put these beautiful teeth in my mouth and I can eat ice cream I can eat steak.
Narrator Schedule your free consultation today well even talk about financing options.
I went to ClearChoice for new teeth and I got so much more they changed my life.
I get at least five or six complements a day at work theyll go wow those teeth theyre gorgeous.
All because of ClearChoice.
Narrator Call ClearChoice today.
Im Chris Cuomo lets get after it.
Narrator Cuomo Prime Time tomorrow night nine eastern.
Welcome back we are live in New Hampshire for a CNN special Democratic presidential town hall.
And we wanna thank Senator Kamala Harris for being here.
So lets jump right into the questions.
So lets bring in Sahil Lauji.
Sahil is a sophomore at Harvard from Atlanta who says he is supporting Senator Bernie Sanders Sahil.
Hi Senator.
Hi Sahil.
As a fellow mixed person of African and Indian descent how does our identity serve you as president of this country?
Thats a great question.
Well you know there is something that I feel very strongly about this moment in time.
I think of this as being an inflection point in the history of our country.
I think this is a moment in time for a variety of reasons.
That is requiring us all to look in mirror each one of us and collectively look in a mirror and ask a question.
That question being who are we.
And I believe part of the answer to that question is we are better than this.
The other part of it is understanding that in this inflection moment there are very powerful voices in our country right now that are trying to sow hate and division among us.
And we need to speak many truths and one of them is this.
The vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us and I know that to be true.
I know it to be true because I have been exposed to many cultures right you got me.
Right there you go so I know it to be true based on what I call the middle of the night thought.
Some people call it three in the morning thought other people call it the witching hour.
You know what Im talking about.
When you wake up in the middle of the night with that thought thats been weighing on you.
For the vast majority of us when we wake up in the middle of the night thinking that thought.
It is never through the lens of the party with which were registered to vote.
For the vast majority of us when we wake up thinking that thought it is never through the lens of some simplistic demographic a pollster put us in.
And for the vast majority of us when we wake up thinking that thought it usually has to do with one of just a very few things.
Our personal health the health of our children or our parents.
For so many Americans can I get a job keep a job pay the bills by the end of the month retire with dignity.
For our students can I pay off those student loans.
For so many family members in America can I help my family member get off their opioid addiction?
The vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us.
And while there are these powerful forces that are trying to sow hate and division among us and have us pointing fingers at each other and oh youre that and Im this.
I say Im not buying it Im not buying it and thats how I think about my experiences.
I know how much we have in common and right now our country requires leaders and the top leader to instead of using a microphone in way that is about fueling the fan of hate instead of using the bully pulpit of the president of the United States in a way that is about talking about well on both sides there is merit.
We need leadership in this country who has through personal experience and through ideals and through just an ability to see who people are and speak truth.
We need leadership that understands the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us.
And theyve gotta stop diving us and thats why Im running for president thats one of the reasons.
Lets talk aboutLets talk about the vision and I think this falls into that category.
Because you have said recently said that it would be a trap it would be a mistake for democrats to fall into a trap of a conversation about winning back quote.
The guy in the Midwest which is code unquote.
What is it code for what do you mean by that?
What I mean is that there is a conversation that has been happening among many people including pundits.
That suggest no I dont mean you.
I didnt think so but thank you thanks for clarifying.
I just meant on TV.
I just keep digging myself into this.
They will be talking of course about my performance tonight those same pundits.
Okay in any event there is a conversation that all of us have been hearing about especially the 2020 election.
Which is a conversation saying oh who can talk to the person in the Midwest.
And I just reject that notion that you have one conversation with someone in the Midwest.
And another conversation with somebody in the South.
And another conversation with people who live on the coast.
I reject that notion and I think it is short sighted and it is actually not connected with where people really are.
The American public dont want that.
They dont want that.
So thats what I meant by that comment.
All right lets bring in now Kimberly Morrow.
She is a senior studying politics and has worked full time while attending school at the University of New Hampshire Manchester.
Kimberly whats your question?
Good evening Senator.
Through my studies as a polices and society major at UNH Manchester Ive learned that women in our country face very real inequalities in the workplace.
Women trail men in income promotion to leadership positions and labor force participation rates.
What do you plan to do as president to level the playing field and empower working women?
Well on day one we need to pass the ERA Equal Rights Amendment.
We also need to speak louder about the realities of the facts just as youve done now and thank you for your leadership on this.
Because it is something that has to be acknowledged and dealt with.
Women are paid on average 70 to the dollar and then if you look at African American women and Latinas even less and for doing the same work.
You look at the fact that we have a real battle in this country around minimum wage and the need to increase minimum wage.
We should understand minimum wage is a minimum standard of living but federal minimum wage is 7.25 an hour which averages 15000 a year and the majority of women are minimum wage workers.
Lets look at the issue of what we need to do around disparities around issues like childcare.
Understanding that women are the primary caregiver to children and yet we dont have a national policy around affordable childcare which Im a proponent of.
We need to also address what is happening in terms of understanding that womens issues to the point of being marginalized have to brought to the forefront.
And we should also reject the conversation that womens issues are just for women to be concerned about.
When in fact the reality is that when you lift up the economic status of women.
You lift up the economic status of families and communities and all of society.
Thats how I feel about that.
Matthew Solomon is from Massachusetts hes a junior at Saint Anselm studying politics and peace and justice.
Hes also the president of the schools LGBTQ alliance Matthew.
Hi Senator thanks for being here.
Of course.
So my question is if elected president what kind of protections specific protections will you providing for the LBGTQ plus community and especially those who lack visibility and safety like the transgender community and LBGTQ plus community members of color.
Right so I have my entire career and life been an ally of LBGTQ community and I will say that we must have a country that agrees that no group should be treated without equality under the law.
And right now that is the case and we have got to change it.
I am on day one would pass the Equality Act to make sure that we actually correct what is wrong and give LBGTQ people equal rights under the law.
This is a civil rights and human rights issue and we must address it.
And Ill tell you my background on this.
I was as attorney general it was one of the pivotal issues in my race to become attorney general.
Whether or not the elected attorney general would defend a patently unconstitutional law which denied same sex couples the right to marry.
I said I would not defend it because I knew it to be unconstitutional.
I won and I did not defend it prop eight went to the United States Supreme Court.
We won and the wedding bells rang across the country.
Im very proud of that I will tell you back in 2004.
When the chatter among a lot of Democrats was about civil unions I was marrying same sex couples at San Francisco City Hall.
I will tell you.
Youll remember the tragic cases involving transgender men who were killed.
And there was this defense that was happening in Court.
Where the murderer was calling it the gay panic defense.
Oh I panicked cause I didnt know he was gay and therefore I should not be convicted of murder and this was happening around the Matthew Shepherd case around that era.
When I was district attorney of San Francisco knowing this was happening.
I brought DAs from around the country to San Francisco where I hosted and created a training for prosecutors around the country on how to defeat the gay panic defense.
On the issue of transgender rights.
Listen right now in particular we have a president who is reviving you know the courts said no but then that changed.
And now weve got a president who is basically putting in place a process for discharging transgender men and women who have made a commitment to our country and to defend our democracy at great service and potential sacrifice.
And this president wants to kick them out of the military because they are transgender.
It is absolutely unconscionable and that is something I would reverse immediately when I am elected president of the United States.
I wanna bring in Rachel Damle.
Rachel is a sophomore at Harvard shes from Colorado Rachel.
Hi Senator.
Hi Rachel.
The past couple of years have seen young people getting involved in politics and activism.
Organizing around issues such as gun control and climate change.
Given that policies passed now will affect the younger generation for years to come.
Do you believe that Americans should have the right to vote at age 16?
Im really interested in having that conversation I have to tell you that.
I think that there is no question that if we are looking at what is going on in our country.
We are putting more responsibilities on people at a younger age.
And the larger number of people that we can involve in the electoral process I think the more robust it will be.
I think one of the downsides of the way that our system is currently constructed.
But thanks to CNN for doing this town hall with students is that if people dont vote or they dont write checks they dont get heard.
And I believe strongly that you can judge a society based on how it treats its children.
And you can look at what we are not doing for our students for our teenagers and even younger.
And I believe that if they had greater political power maybe we would get our act together a little bit better than what weve been doing and maybe thats one of the steps toward it.
I will also say though that what I am so excited about in terms of seeing whos here and I know you guys have been here for like five hours.
They have.
Is that one of things that we have to remember about the history of our country is some of the greatest movements that we have had that have brought about change social change advancement progress have been fueled and born from our students.
Thank you senator.
Thank you.
Thats it for Senator.
Thank you I know it went by fast right?
So we wanna thank Senator Kamala Harris we wish you all the very best.
That is four town halls down tonight one more to go and when we come back Anderson Coopers gonna be here with South Bend Indiana Mayor Pete Buttigieg for our final CNN Democratic presidential town hall of the night.
Narrator The right gear matters.
Introducing the all new 2019 Ford Ranger.
Its the right gear.
With a terrain management system for this.
A bash plate for that and electronic locking rear differential for yeah this.
Heading to the supermarket get any truck.
Heading out here get the Ford Ranger.
The only adventure gear built Ford tough.
Narrator Every day visionaries are creating the future.
So everyday we put our latest technology and unrivaled network to work.
The United States Postal Service makes more eCommerce deliveries to homes than anyone else in the country.
Because the future only happens with people who really know how to deliver it.
Music Just grilling and chilling Music Music My favorite kind of time killing Music Music No running no sunning Music Narrator Applebees bigger bolder grill combos now thats eating good in the neighborhood.
Man Welcome to Sun Springs retirement community.
What brings you here?
Oh Im just here to die.
Uh huh.
Narrator When youve got nothing to lose.
You were a cheerleader.
My mother was sick so I quit the team.
Maybe you should give it another shot.
Narrator Nothing can stop you.
We wanna start a cheerleading club.
Nobody wants to see that.
Maybe he should take his opinions and shove em up hisHey!
You know what.
Narrator On May 10th being bold never gets old.
Lifes short in the meantime you should be dancing your ass off.
Narrator Poms rated PG13.
Woman You got this!
Woo!
Narrator This is an apple and this is an apple and this is an apple and when you put them all together youve got a case.
Yeah were gonna need 500 more units pronto.
We dont have that kind of money right now Carl.
You will in 10 minutes thats how long it will take you to get funding through Kabbage.
I know Im 10 minutes in the future spokesguy.
Whats happening?
And Im 10 days in the future spokesguy.
That Kabbage funding helped you win the Gundelfinger account congratulations.
Whats a Gundelfinger?
And Im from 10 years in the future.
Narrator Kabbage business funding in as little as 10 minutes.
What did I miss?
Salesman I bet youve never seen a bed like this.
Its the new Craftmatic Legacy Rising Pillow Rest Adjustable Bed.
Featuring bedside power plugs underbed night lights and more for less.
Up to 50 less than TempurPedic Sleep Number and other adjustables.
Call now you gotta see how little they cost.
Speaker Congratulations youre a writer.
But wait you have to actually publish your book.
Discover Publishers will help you find the right publisher to get your book in book stores.
Its completely free.
Narrator Go to freeauthorinfo.com or call us at 8002514119.