
Lawyers or YouHaveALawyer.com.
Announcer Call 1800LAWYERS or visit YouHaveALawyer.com.
If you have a phone you have a lawyer.
Music The one and only TV 9 Music Announcer This is Daily Blast Live.
We are talking about what youre talking about.
Cause everyones talking about this.
Announcer Always live always real always unpredictable.
You are totally offbase here!
Announcer Log on and join our live conversation.
I cant believe Im saying this I do agree with you.
Announcer DBL starts right now.
Director Three two.
Welcome to DBL.
Its Wednesday February 13th.
We are live and we are talking about what youre talking about.
Im here with Tory Jeff Al and Im Sam.
And if you havent noticed we have a very special guest cohost.
You all know him as Dr.Drew Pinsky but youre so much more to me.
I know youve heard this a gazillion times by now but youre not only a friend youre my mentor and I really do owe sitting in this chair to you.
So thank you.
Theres a reason we worked with you.
Youre good.
Aww Drew!
So thats that.
That means so much to me.
Al Emergency fallout.
Wow Al.
Geez!
I love some Sammy.
Okay its harsh.
Well thank you for being here Dr.Drew.
We begin with an update to a story weve been tracking.
Empire star Jussie Smollett is hitting back at reports that he has changed his story or has not been fully cooperative with police who are investigating his alleged attack.
Jussies reps released a statement that says in part Chicago PD has repeatedly informed us that they find Jussies account of what happened that night consistent and credible.
Superintendent Johnson has been clear from day one that Jussie is a victim.
This comes a day after a spokesperson for the Chicago Police Department said that the phone records that Jussie turned over Do not meet the burden for a criminal investigation as they were limited and heavily redacted.
Now Jussies reps contend that information was redacted to protect the privacy of personal contacts and other highprofile people who had nothing to do with the attack and tomorrow Jussie is sitting down with GMAs Robin Roberts in what looks to be a highly emotional interview.
Check out this teaser.
At any point during the attack did you fear for your life?
Jeff Im good.
So very emotional interview.
Dr.Drew I know on your radio show youve been following this case in and out.
What would you say to the narrative out there thats pushing that he may be making this up?
Yeah I just think everyone needs to calm down and not grab onto any narrative.
Its not our job to create a narrative its the Chicago PDs to figure out the facts and put that narrative together and then tell us what the deal is.
Something happened to him.
If he has overstated it for some reason Im also still worried about him and what happened that made him distort this thing.
So all of us sit back and just let this thing play out.
Its not our business!
This mob action that we always get into drives me insane.
And Tory youve had a pretty strong take on this.
Yeah I mean but you have to understand innocent until proven guilty is because we believe in America that we believe our victims at first.
And if its not true Dr.Drews right there might be something else wrong.
But at this point imagine had he let us see his phone.
Were already this way and we havent seen anything.
I mean Tom Brady didnt give up his phone when it was Deflategate and yet were jumping on this guy.
I agree with Dr.Drew.
Lets just put a pause on everything for a second.
Yeah fair enough I agree.
I think anything that we get from this story will help push your narrative.
Theres money to be made from Division.
Oh boy.
So ifDrew Youre breaking my heart.
Yes unfortunately its the world we live in.
If this is proven to be a hoax now all the conspiracy theorists now go and you know what else was a hoax?
Right.
Sandy Hook.
Parkland.
The Moon!
Sandy Hooks the Pizzagate and so if its not then theres other places will be like see were under attack.
So its like everybody has unfortunately a financial interest in how this story turns out.
I guarantee you a lot of people commenting on this are not fans of his and dont care about his physical wellbeing.
They just see him or the kid at the National Museum with the Native American as just a way to furtherTheir agenda.
Further their agenda.
I just encourage people if there are holes in your story you think theres holes in his story which I dont watch the interview and make up your own opinion.
Dont listen to what people are writing online.
So wait for tomorrow.
We will definitely be covering the interview tomorrow.
Absolutely.
I agree.
But I dont wanna emphasize Als point.
The media out there creates narrative.
Were having a conversation about it but you with those headlines that take a specific position one way or the other that is for the good of the network that is giving you the narrative and nothing else.
They wanna capture your eyes so they can make money.
Right.
As you said.
They figure out what you wanna hear and they keep feeding it to ya.
Be an independent thinker please and chime in DBL Nation we wanna hear from you as well.
Well we finally have some good news coming out of Washington D.C.right now.
Lets get to Kelly Schuberth with the latest.
Sam were just two days away from another partial government shutdown but it looks like the president may now stop that from happening.
We told you about a tentative deal that congressional negotiators came up with Monday night.
Trump said he wasnt happy with the deal but Todays sources say that he is expected to sign it.
In the meantime Senator Ted Cruz is backing a different plan to get the President the money he wants for his wall.
Cruz sent this Tweet saying we should use the money U.S.prosecutors are seeking from nowconvicted El Chapo.
Theyre seeking 14 billion in drug profits and other assets and Cruz says that money should go towards securing the border.
Sam Ill keep you updated.
Thank you so much Kelly.
Well we have a new top dog.
Meet King the Fox Terrier.
Look at his beard!
laughing Took home the Best in Show Award last night at the Westminster Dog Show in New York City.
Competition was rough but once again the Fox Terrier won the top prize.
This marks the 15th time that breed has come out on top much more than any other.
Bono the Havanese took second.
They were robbed!
Sam But many were upset that the fanfavorite a Longhaired Dachshund named Burns Torys favorite did not win.
And in a socking turn of events the Schipperke named Colton who won the NonSporting Group was disqualifiedScandal!
Scandal!
Sam The moment before the judging due to a conflict of interest.
Other top dogs include Baby Lars who won the Herding Group.
Hes a Bouvier des Flandres.
Drew Bouvier des Flandres.
And great pronunciation on that.
I thought I was back in France.
And this Sussex Spaniel named Bean who won the Sporting Group and finally meet Wilma the Boxer who took home the Gold for the Working Group.
But it wasnt just us humans who enjoyed watching the dog competition.
Check out all these dogs who really got into the action.
Tory I know now first of all scandal really Tory?
Big scandal.
What?
Big Scandal.
No!
The Schipperke was in it and guess what?
They shook hands with the judge and said I need you to leave.
That is huge in the dog world am I right?
I dont know.
He does know.
I had to do the shaking hands like theyre gonna kiss and then youre gonna goAnd then it was.
Wait do we know why?
Yes because the judge was a coowner of said dog.
Ugh.
Oh no!
It was an owner eligibility issue.
Shouldnt that be illegal?
Well it was.
He did a nice lap and then he walked.
Oh.
I just have to say this the Wire I know youre a dogperson.
I am a dogperson.
The Wire Fox Terrier has won 15 times okay?
The bearded guy that looks like Sherlock?
Hes Beerlock.
He looks like a guy.
He looks like a guy right?
I wouldnt want him in my bedroom when Im dressing.
And Im not saying this cause I own a Dachshund.
At some point that Dachshund was on that night and he stood like this and he and the crowdOkay.
Okay sorry.
Can I get a oneshot on Tory while she does that?
Do it Tory.
Tory Okay so.
This is the Dachshund oneshot on Tory.
Al Please dont put me in it there you go.
Thank you.
clapping And he shoulda won!
Well done well done.
And win that but it was Madison Square Garden!
Thank you everyone thank you.
Wow look at Jeff.
Its crazy!
Hey could we move past this?
Yeah so angry!
We covered this story more than the Super Bowl.
Hes so angry.
This is insane.
Can somebody explain to me why I watch it religiously every year after the Macys Parade on Thanksgiving?
Is this a recorded version?
Its such a tradition!
No this is Westminster.
The other one is another one.
Thats the National Dog Show.
Yes exactly correct.
This is the Westminster.
But this is the more prestigious one right?
A bit yes.
I think its a little antiquated.
Oh!
It is completely.
They should have rescue dogs only.
And they do.
They have a whole separate one for rescue but IYes they call it The One People Dont Watch.
Yeah I like the beautiful dogs come on now.
Okay wow!
Cause you wouldnt have to buy one its just.
Oh how fun was it.
Im with you.
Coming up on DBL Dr.Drew answers your burning questions about love and relationships.
Also ahead well tell you why you shouldnt mess with country singer Miranda Lambert.
One woman learned that lesson the hard way.
Plus actor Anson Williams tells us how John Lennon changed the lives of the cast and crew of Happy Days.
Dont miss Torys oneonone interview.
And Esquire magazine is in the center of a firestorm over this cover.
Well tell you why a little later.
Announcer This February Daily Blast Live and Sandals Resorts want you to fall in love all over again.
Were giving away a trip for you and your special someone to one of Sandals luxury included vacation hotspots.
All you need to do is watch DBL for the Word of the Day and go to dailybalstlive.comsandals to enter.
The more words the more chances to win.
The winner will be announced live on DBL February 27th.
How could you not love that?
Announcer Best Fiends.
Collect JoJo and tons of other cute characters.
Solve thousands of fun puzzles.
Download Best Fiends for free today.
Thats friends without the R.Best Fiends.
Best Fiends.
Collect Howie and tons of other cute characters.
Solve thousands of fun puzzles.
Download Best Fiends for free today.
Thats friends without the R.Best Fiends.
Announcer Next ET.
Its been a roller coaster.
Announcer Britney Spears on her fathers health crisis.
What we just learned and will she ever return to her Vegas residency?
Next ET.
Announcer Tonight at 730 on WUSA9.
Announcer Diamonds at their lowest price in years.
12 carat Solitaires are now 399.
One carat 790.
Two carat 950 per carat.
Plus one carat studs 399.
Insane prices of thousands of GIA diamonds and designer rings.
Buy Direct The Jewelry Exchange Bethesda!
Announcer Get new floors during Empire Todays gigantic 75 off sale.
Thats carpet laminate and even hardwood 75 off.
Empire makes getting beautiful new floors easy.
See samples in your home get a free estimate and have your floors professionally installed.
Update your floors with Empire and get 75 off carpet laminate and hardwood.
Schedule now!
Music 8005882300 Empire Music Announcer Today.
Narrator Stronger is rebuilding a newborns heart and restoring a fathers faith.
Its standing tall after one surgery not six.
Stronger is being a typical kid despite a rare disorder.
Stronger is finding it earlier and coming home sooner.
Stronger is seeking answers and not giving up until you find them.
Because we dont just want your kids to grow up.
We want them to grow up stronger.
Announcer Diamonds The Jewelry Exchange has certified 12 carat for 690 one carat 1790 two carat 5900.
Certified Lab Grown at over 50 off wholesale rap plus thousands of GIA diamonds at the guaranteed lowest price.
Buy Factory Direct The Jewelry Exchange Bethesda.
Your kids tell me that you lock them out of the house in the cold.
Not ever no.
If shes being honest step forward.
If shes feeding you a bunch of bull step back.
Narrator New Dr.Phil.
Announcer Today at four followed by WUSA9 News at five.
Welcome back to DBL.
As you know we have a very special guest in studio today.
Hes a board certified physician and addiction medicine specialist.
You know him from Loveline Dr.Drew On Call and Celebrity Rehab.
Hes my dear friend.
Welcome Dr.Drew Pinsky.
Yeah yeah yeah!
Yes!
Pleasure to be here guys.
Sam And this is exciting becauseOnly you traumatized me with those pictures but thanks.
Well we this is important because a lot of our viewers at home you guys love Dr.Drew his advice on addiction and relationships but today were focusing on relationships.
Okay.
Weve asked our viewers to send in their loverelated questions for a segment were calling Dear DBL with Dr.Drew.
So lets get started.
Al lets take the first one.
Al All right!
It says Wanting More in Saint Louis My bedroom life with my girlfriend sucks!
Uhoh.
Okay!
Al And were only in the first year of our relationship.
Three times a week if Im lucky.
Am I the bad guy for wanting to break up with her over this?
Okay well mismatched sexual desire is a very common thing.
Three times a week above average by the way not bad.
She doing good!
Id say Tory and Sam do a little bit like oh what the hell here.
What?
What?
How much this guy want but that is mismatched sexual desire Thats above average?
Yeah.
Sam Well what about it being the first year?
Above average.
Average in longterm relationship is about 1 12 two times a week average.
But what about a new relationship like this?
We just learned something about Al too.
Just make that known.
Al If not twice a day it wasnt a day.
Oh Lord Al!
Right and some people are at that rate thats for sure.
Yeah.
And people have to reach a compromise.
What?
See we just learned something about Jeff too.
If twice a day is not a day how do you get anything done?
Theres this thing called morning and night Jeff.
Yeah I love sleep.
A lot is revealed just in answering these questions but its about compromising and you have to be able to tell her that this is not your rate and you have to step it up.
There may be things contributing to that.
We dont think about this and one of the things that I see most commonly in young couples when a female sexual desire is not matching a man she may be on a high progesterone birth control pill and that suppresses their libido and doctors dont tell em about that.
So take a look at your birth control.
The progesterones can really be working against you.
Good to know.
Thats amazing.
Wow.
This guy!
I know!
Hes like a fountain of knowledge.
Ellie Mae writes Im in a marriage where my husband gambles compulsively and frequents gentlemans clubs.
Uhoh.
After 34 years of marriage we are drowning in debt.
Oh!
Oh boy.
Should I walk out?
This is Ellie Mae.
So Ellie Mae this is for real.
Ellie Mae?
Yeah.
Like from the Beverly Hillbillies?
Yeah.
Its amazing.
Burt that was for you.
So yeah this is really this is a tragedy.
And this is a great example of how real gambling addiction when you really see it it destroys lives.
There may be some sexual addiction in here too.
Hes going to gentleman clubs.
You have to decide if youre gonna leave or not.
Id for sure go to a program called AlAnon which is support for those and loved ones with addictions of various types.
Theres specific ones for gambling and sex addicts but AlAnons easier to find and then think about what you wanna do with this.
But absolutely he gets treatment or you leave is a very reasonable position to be in.
Wow.
Wow thats good to hear.
Sad.
Ruth in Louisvile writes Im dating someone going through a divorce.
We both feel strongly about each other but shes not ready for a relationship right now.
Yet we both cant stop seeing each other and it feels more like a rebound.
Is our timing setting us up to fail?
And but I gotta answer finish up on that last question too.
He goes to gamblers like GA Gamblers Anonymous.
Or SLA Sex and Love Addicts Anonymous Sex Addicts Anonymous back to this one.
This is Trevor right?
Mmhmm.
Is that him?
No its not.
Yup.
No yes Trevor?
This is Ruth.
Oh Ruth.
Ruth.
Ruth.
Ruth Im...
When somebodys going through a divorce you dont wanna get hooked into a longterm relationship.
You wanna wait til thats all over with and behind them.
Youre more of a lifepreserver when somebody is going through that kind of a horrible crisis in their life.
We need a lot more information to kinda tease it out for you but ISam Could it work out?
It could but I got bad feelings about this.
Whoa okay.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Mm.
Thats you Jeff its your turn.
I just read Ruth.
Ill read Trevor in Tampa.
Oh geez!
Boom!
Trevor in Tampa said My girlfriend gets mad at meJeff Thatll teach you how to handle my business up there.
Drew I love it!
For not posting pictures of us together on social media.
I like to post about my hobbies not relationships but she thinks Im hiding her.
Who is in the wrong here?
Sam Thats a relatable one.
It is a relatable one and ugh.
You sir.
You sir need to step up because shes letting you know something very simple that could make her very happy and why wouldnt you do that if you know its something that really would help somebody or make her feel good and shes somebody you say you love why wouldnt you wanna do that?
Amen.
Wow!
Amen!
Drew quickly whats wrong with our dysfunctional family?
Yeah whats wrong here?
Yes!
Im mostly worried about you and Sam Jeff.
Thats where I see the trouble.
Im off the hook!
Yeah.
Tory?
Theyre all doin pretty good.
Al?
I dont know about that.
Well Im normal.
All right.
Everybody says Im the normal one.
Sure okay.
We heard a little stammering youre above normal in certain areas Al just saying.
Hosts Oh!
I get that a lot.
We found that out 10 minutes ago five minutes ago.
Coming up on DBL a lot of people are saying Esquire magazine missed the mark with this cover story.
Well tell you what all the commotion is about.
And talk about a throw back.
Actor Anson Williams from Happy Days settles the score once and for all.
So whos cooler Potsie or the Fonz?
Come on now the Fonz.
He tells our own Tory Schulmen next.
Tory It was Potsie.
Shh thats it.
Sleep tight little one.
Thanks mom.
You take such good care of him.
Thats what grandmas do.
I dont know what wed do without you.
Well I made sure youll have help even after Im gone.
After youre gone?
Mom are you okay?
Everything is fine.
Just so you know I got a life insurance policy so when the time comes I wont leave you a financial mess.
Lets face it.
There will be a funeral and maybe medical bills.
Its not an inheritance or anything but it will help cover my expensenses.
I dont wanna think about that.
Well you dont have to.
I already took care of it.
And with this policy I can earn discounts get rewards and even get tips on how to live healthy.
That could help me be around even longer for that little guy.
Narrator Final expense life insurance with guaranteed acceptance from John Hancock can help people aged 60 to 80 sleep easier.
It helps your family take care of funeral costs medical bills and other debts.
The average funeral alone is between 8000 and 9000.
Without insurance could your family pay the bill?
Final Expense Life Insurance can help and acceptance is guaranteed with no medical questions or exams.
Rates start around 13 a month and policies range from 2000 to 20000 so you can select the best fit for your needs and budget.
Heres another guarantee.
Payments never go up and coverage never goes down for as long as you live.
It also comes with confidence.
For more than 150 years John Hancock has helped meet the needs of more than 18 million customers.
Plus you can earn discounts get rewards and receive healthy living tips through the John Hancock Vitality program.
Best of all its easy.
You can apply by phone or online.
Announcer Call 18009780663 or go online to learn more about Final Expense Life Insurance with guaranteed acceptance.
Thats 18009780663.
Announcer Todays Watch and Win word is sunglasses.
Welcome back to DBL.
All month long I am talking with TV legends from the past to find out where they are now.
So I headed to The Hollywood Museum in the heart of Los Angeles California and sat down with Anson Williams better known as Potsie from Music Monday Tuesday Happy Days Music Check it out.
Music Monday Tuesday Im in heaven Music laughing It was very very good opening.
I am here with someone that Ive always had a secret crush on and now its not so secret.
Its Anson Williams of Happy Days.
Hello how are you?
I am good.
Those are original lyrics.
Tory I was gonna say.
I havent heard those lyrics before.
Never heard that before its amazing.
You play one of the most iconic characters ever on TV.
Do you have a favorite memory?
Actually the best memories arent on the show theyre off the show.
We had a softball team and we went all over the world.
Tory Get outta here!
What was your team name?
Let me guess!
Happy Days!
Happy Days!
That was very clever.
I like how original that was.
Yeah it was do ya like that?
Tory So you were best friends with Richie Cunningham Ron Howard.
We also have Fonzie Henry Winkler.
We wanna know straight up which one made you laugh harder?
Oh Henry yeah.
Hes a genius.
Theres no words for it.
Just universal hysterics.
Look at the character he created Fonzie.
That was not written.
Tory Do you still keep in touch with these guys?
We do!
Yes?
We do.
That makes me happy.
Anson Weve been friends forever.
Now a lot of people actually told me they had crushes on you but Fonzie was sort of the cool guy.
Did Potsie ever wanna be Fonzie?
Who would not wanna be Fonzie?
Are you kidding?
Lets be truthful!
Lets be honest here.
All right?
Come on!
Oh no I like Potsie better.
What?
Shoot me now.
I heard that maybe one of The Beatles came by?
A couple of The Beatles.
Tell me about that cause I think Im all screams about this.
I was screams about that.
Youre on a set Happy Days.
Theres a guy standing by the coffee machine that looks just like Jonh Lennon in sunglasses and some kid and Donny goes Oh yeah.
John Lennon came here to hang out with us laughs.
It was John Lennon who came here to hang out with us.
You bet.
The nicest kindest shyest guy.
Hes doing doodles for like literally original John Lennon doodles for the crewYou know how much those are worth?
Yeah for the crew.
Not us oh no were professionals.
We dont ask for anything.
The crew bought houses with the freakin picture.
I havent told anyone.
On this show will be the first.
Exclusive!
And this just happened.
Its exclusive four five six months ago?
Theres this very nice looking man.
So Im sitting there and all of a sudden I hear Excuse me I dont mean to interrupt.
It was Julian Lennon.
Tory Im sorry I dont mean to40 years later.
Oh my god!
Anson Can we take a selfie?
40 years later it all came around.
Tory Thats a great story.
True story.
Thats a crazy story.
I think all the millennials know Buy One Get One which is my favorite thing in the whole wide world.
You found a way to curate it all in one area.
You bet.
Tell me about that.
Its called BOGOlist.com.
The best BOGOs are there have fun.
Not only is it the lottery win every time its the best deals on the internet.
Thank you Anson Wilson for taking the time.
Its been amazing thank you so so much.
Thank you.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel at YouTube.comDailyBlastLive to check out an extended interview where Anson and I discuss his product Alert Drops.
Its a simple solution to combat drowsy driving and it can save lives.
Well be right back.
Announcer Promotional consideration is brought to you by.
Announcer If a dirty CPAP is making you sick youre not alone.
I was getting sinus infections because I wasnt cleaning my CPAP properly and that continued until I got my SoClean.
Announcer SoClean is the worlds first automated CPAP cleaner and sanitizer.
It kills 99.9 of all CPAP germs and bacteria that can build up in your mask hose and reservoir.
I dont have to push a button or anything.
I just put the mask in the chamber close the lid and it runs automatically.
SoClean has been a lifesaver.
Announcer SoClean works on all popular CPAP machines and masks.
Try it riskfree for 30 days.
Even shipping is free.
Call 18004180640 to take advantage of this limited time offer.
I would recommend the SoClean machine to anyone else.
It is that good of a machine.
It has made that big a difference in my life.
Woman Try SoClean riskfree for 30 days.
Even shipping is free.
Call 18004180640 or go to SoClean.com.
Man What is Verify?
Hi I keep seeing stories about felons that are running for Congress.
Could you verify?
Narrator Verify.
A new way to separate fact from fiction.
You ask the questions Verify will do the digging with full transparency.
We went to a political science professor.
A reverseimage search led us to this.
Hes a felon!
Nicole yeah we can Verify that for you.
Announcer Verify.
Look into it.
Well cooking in my kitchen before was pretty archaic so we went to Joe at Cabinet Discounters.
He was able to design it and lay it out.
But he laid out a very functional kitchen for us.
The term discounted to me is just a word.
And they really designed a nice kitchen for us and it absolutely met our expectations.
Weve actually gone back twice and had work done.
We certainly would recommend it to any of our friends.
Man Get a free consultation with an experienced designer.
Call 1800THEDREAM or visit cabinetdiscounters.com.
With Cox you can watch all your movies and shows whatever the weather.
With DirecTV heavy rain or snow can affect your signal.
Its clear that Cox is the better choice just like its clear that the makeup artist is still learning the ropes.
Unlike DirecTV Cox works in any weather.
Get Contour TV and high speed internet for 79.99 a month.
Is your house less than perfect?
Im Dan from MarketPro Homebuyers and we wanna buy your home.
Dont make repairs dont pay commissions and dont wait another day.
Well get you the cash you need.
No agent fees no closing costs.
Well even help you pack and move for free.
For a no obligation offer call 301799SELL.Thats 3017997355 or visit marketprohomebuyers.com.
We buy houses asis or on your schedule.
Call today.
Announcer Live tonight.
Im like crazy.
Announcer Celebrity Big Brother finale week continues.
Were the final five!
Announcer Dont miss the ultimate celebrity showdown.
We are fighting like Put Bulls.
Announcer Who will wow the jury?
Its not over yet.
Announcer And win it all?
Heller?
Whos on the phone?
Its winning!
Oh its for me?
Announcer Celebrity Big Brother live season finale tonight.
Narrator This Thursday could be the most romantic night ever.
A Valentines dinner with my mother.
Is this the saddest moment of my life?
No.
Not even close.
Announcer New Mom Thursday.
Welcome back to DBL.
Now whether youre more of a date night or the giftgiving type on Valentines Day my girl Tory and I have some tips in this edition of DBL Drive.
You know who it is!
Its presented by CarShield.
Tory I gotta ask you.
Whats a perfect Valentines Day for Tory Shulton?
I just dont get it together so at the very end of the day Im writing a coupon for a hug you know what I mean?
Like Im like heres a coupon forHeres a coupon book.
Ill clean the guest bathroom whatever.
Tory What about you?
All right Im just gonna get this out there.
I think Valentines Day is embarrassing.
I got a pizza but I cut it in the shape of a heart.
Oh no.
laughing What?
Thats because thats something that no human being would ever do that really loves you.
Tory Whats wrong with that?
Cause I dont like rose petalsIts cute.
Leading to your stupid bedroom with the ceiling fan going.
Its like this the same bedroom.
Its just like you straightened out the comforter.
Announcer To make the Valentine in your life feel special and avoid last minute hassle we have some ideas for you.
Discuss expectations with your partner.
Make a reservation if you plan to go out and enjoy the gift everyone will fall in love with an autoprotection plan with CarShield.
CarShield protects its members from the high cost of auto repairs.
Call 18005059619 for a free quote.
Well you and Al always have something to talk about in those cars.
Yeah were chatty.
Yeah and I mean I like that you agree with me that romance is embarrassing.
Thank you.
Sam I think romance is sexy.
I just think men I agree with Al its cringeworthy.
Sam Really?
To watch ourselves being romantic.
Hes saying to watch it.
Its weird to see.
Im gonna have a phone call with Susan after this thats his wife.
Ooh!
If youre leaving us right now you can still watch us live on Facebook.
Narrator A cover story controversy explodes.
When Esquire highlight a Caucasian teen during Black History Month.
Did they miss the mark or is it much ado about nothing?
Then food fight!
Well tell you why country star Miranda Lambert dumped a perfectly good salad right into a ladys lap.
And did someone call a doctor?
Dr.Drew Pinsky is back and weighing in on the days trending topics and newsmaking headlines.
More DBL is next.
Music Keep the feeling real Music Music You know how I feel Music Narrator Have you been injured in an accident because somebody wasnt paying attention on the highway?
When youve been injured by a careless driver you have a lawyer.
Thats right.
When you need a lawyer you have a lawyer.
No matter what kind of accident youve been in call us at Saiontz and Kirk or go to YouHaveALawyer.com.
Announer This Presidents Day Havertys is honoring President Mom.
She made the executive decision to buy storebought cookies for the bake sale.
She pardoned Emma for being Emma.
And then there was the whole cone crisis thing.
President Mom this Presidents Day Sale is for you.
Everything is on sale.
Get big savings on sofas beds dining sets and more.
Now thats fiscally responsible leadership.
Havertys.
Life looks good.
Narrator Dear suspicious snackers we get it.
We know it can be a texture thing and there are lots of brands to choose from.
But its time for you to pick up your big spoon and try new Hood Cottage Cheese.
Its the brand people have trusted for more than 170 years.
A whole world of sweet and savory combinations!
Like pineapple cucumber and dill or classic country style.
And since its packed with satisfying protein youll wanna try all of Hoods amazing flavors.
Dont miss out on delicious.
New to your local dairy aisle.
Well guys.
No school!
Kids Snow day!
Yes!
Come on!
Narrator Otherwise known as a WeatherTech day.
Lets go.
Narrator So when the weather turns bad you can still find a way to enjoy it.
With WeatherTechs laser metric curve aligners seat protectors and floor liners.
Order yours today at WeatherTech.com.
The ultimate protection for your vehicle.
Man The Empire.