Welcome to Daily Blast Live.
It is Tuesday, May 7th, we are live and we're talking about what you're talking about right now.
I'm here with Tory, Jeff, Al and I am Sam.
Let's get started.
We have our brand new interview with pop sensation's Pentatonix, joining us from their first ever world tour.
Plus we have wedding guest fashion secrets.
We're telling you how you can look your best, without, of course, upstaging the bride, c'mon on now.
All that in minutes, the stars brought their craziest, most over-the-top looks ever to this year's Met Gala.
The theme was camp, notes of fashion, and everyone was expected to pull out all the stops, but hold up, what is camp?
Well, it is defined as the love of the un-natural, of artifice and exaggeration, basically everything that is fabulous, ironic, or extra.
So let's get to the fashion, and the title this year for the most lit, definitely goes to Katy Perry, whether ya hate it, or ya like it, she definitely is having people talking.
She wore this illuminated chandelier look, it was created for her by Jeremy Scott of Moschino.
Kim Kardashian showed off her figure, in this skin tight latex corseted dress, 
[Jeff] Looks like a bottle of perfume.
[Sam] by Thierry Mugler, who came out of retirement to create the look, which took, you guys, eight months to complete, by the way.
It appeared to be dripping wet, thanks in part to the crystals and shimmery material.
Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx made their public debut as a couple last night.
While they didn't hit the pink carpet together, the couple did pose for photos with one another inside, and Kendall and Kylie Jenner broke out the feathers for their camp looks.
Kendall wore bright orange feathered Versace gown, while Kylie opted for a lilac look, with a fur stohl I'm hoping faux, and a matching wig.
Actress Janelle Monae embraced wearable art, with this custom Christian Siriano look, and the eye even winked as she walked down the pink carpet.Come on now.
Lady Gaga served up multiple looks for her grand entrance to the event, all created by Brandon Maxwell.
It started off with a huge pink dress, that took an army of men with umbrellas to wrangle, she then stripped down to a black dress, followed by a skin tight pink dress, and then it all ended up with her posing in her underwear, here it comes.
Yes girl, with huge platform shoes.
Serena Williams wore this stunning neon yellow Versace gown, with pink feathery leaf accents, and she paired her look with neon Nikes.
Jennifer Lopez sparkled in this beaded Versace dress, with a plunging neckline and fringe detailing.
She wore a matching headpiece, and of course A-rod, I mean, Tory, makes a good accessory, am I right?
[Tory] Mmm bah!
[Sam] Okay Lupita Nyong'o embraced the rainbow, with this Versace gown, with pink star pattern and rainbow ruffles, and check out the gold afro picks in her hair, with raised fist logos, yes.
Jared Leto, my favorite, had the best accessory of the night.
A custom replica of his head.
He brought it along while rocking this red Gucci dress.
Kacey Musgraves looked like a barbie doll, in this hot pink Moschino leather dress, pairing it with a blow dryer bag and cat eye shades.
Cardi B won the award for the biggest train, with this red feathered, Tom Brown gown.
The 10 foot long train, nearly took over the pink carpet, and Cierra might have won best hair of the night, I think she won, let's be honest, with this very extra, gorgeous afro.
She also wore a custom Peter Dundas emerald green crown, because she is a queen, and Zendaya had a fairy tale moment at the gala, transforming into Cinderella, in this Tommy Hilfiger ball gown, with white poofy sleeves, and a skirt that lit up, yes, yes, yes.
Sam, you drink some water, we'll talk.
Are you, I actually looked at Al, or Al, I looked at Jeff midway, and your eyes were closed.
Dude, I was out.
I was thinking about cheese and crackers, and what I'm gonna do tonight.
You know what I was thinking?
I'm like this coffee's bitter, I should think about a different kind of coffee. (laughs) 
I guess I'm the only one, I was kinda into it Sam. really appreciated the looks as art.
Say what you want.
It took, all those people got together to entertain us, 
I agree.
like that's all, I mean it's just like somebody's gotta shake it up a little bit, we all can't wear khakis and polo shirts, somebody's gotta shake it up and push the envelope a little bit, that's what art does.
I'm for universal uniforms everyday.
Like Star Trek?
Yes!
Boring!
Boring, I wear the same thing to work everyday, that's fine with me.
Yeah, that's a man of a certain age, I'd do the same thing, I got those green sweat pants, they could walk to work themselves.
I've noticed that too.
Now, Tory, do you have a favorite,
even though I guess you were bored by it?