[Narrator] Right now at 11, tracking the storm.
From the FOX 5 Weather App to Facebook.
We are tracking another system.
[Narrator] We're taking you step by step through this winter storm, approaching in just hours.
Our team coverage continues with preparations for the storm.
Why some road crews are actually encouraged by Sue's forecast.
[Narrator] Plus, a bathroom debate and a fight for student rights goes viral.
How Virginia ended up back in the national spotlight.
Your news starts now.
We're gonna begin tonight with a winter weather watch for much of the DC region.
Snow, sleet and freezing rain are all on the menu and this winter mix could be nasty, especially during the morning commute.
It's prompted just about every school district here to cancel class tomorrow along with the federal government.
All of those closures are listed, of course, at the bottom of your screen.
For now though, let's get right to Sue Palka for a breakdown of when the first flakes will start falling.
Sue? Hi there, Sarah.
I think it's gonna be anytime between about four and six in the morning here around the Beltway and yeah, it's morning snow and a messy, icy mix tomorrow afternoon.
Unfortunately, this does not stay all snow which would be the better scenario.
It's easier to get rid of.
Ice causes so many problems.
But it does look like we are going to see that changeover.
As we start with snow that we now see showing up, especially south of Interstate 64, that will continue to spread from southwest to northeast over our area and by the time you wake up tomorrow morning, by sunrise, I think you will see snow outside.
This is all starting to push up.
Now, we do not expect much accumulation for southern Virginia.
They'll start with a little bit.
It will quickly changeover down there.
But quite a sprawling system all the way up to the plains, across St. Louis to Cincinnati and now here into the mid-Atlantic and we will be dealing with it for many hours tomorrow.
We did have to take our snow totals down a little bit today based on the model output and the faster changeover to sleet and freezing rain.
We're still gonna go with the three to five inches.
It could be closer to the three inches though with snow because the changeover now appears as though it'll be sometime in the late morning.
Out here, the changeover's a little later.
We could get a rate of snow one inch per hour for a few hours in the morning and that's where you'll get your pile up, but unfortunately for all of our area, this may end, especially in the northern and western suburbs.
Everybody west of 95 has to watch for the potential for significant icing as the temperature begins to, the temperature a lot begins to rise and changes that snow over to that combination of sleet and freezing rain.
Could a quarter inch of ice be possible in some of these areas?
We think that is.
And that may occur early in the afternoon and continue until about the time of the evening rush hour.
So, we wrap it up with a quick look at your planner.
8 am, 30 degrees, it's snowing.
By the noon hour, we're at 32.
We're mixing across much of the area.
Maybe northern Maryland not quite yet, or western Maryland.
By four o'clock, it should be raining here at DC, but possibly, still freezing rain in our far Northern and Western suburbs.
Much more to come, including our hour by hour feature cast just ahead.
Sarah.
[Sarah] Well, crews have already hit the roads, laying sand, salt and brine.
Now, they are literally standing by waiting for the wallop so they can get to work on thousands of miles of roadway.
Our team coverage of this approaching winter storm continues.
FOX 5's Lauren DeMarco joins us from Fairfax now with the very latest out there.
Lauren.
Sarah, it's incredible to watch these guys do their work, filling up truck after truck with salt and sand.
They are heading out to the interstates from this saltdom in Fairfax, and they are asking for help from the public tomorrow, when all of this wet stuff starts coming down.
If everybody stays home, hang out, watch the Channel Five, it would be great for us.
Stay home, stay home, stay home.
As it's gonna be pretty nasty throughout the day tomorrow and into tomorrow night's rush so we're really asking the folks to stay off the roads if at all possible.
[Sarah] A unified message from transportation and highway officials in Virginia, Maryland and the district.
For folks who do venture out, I don't know why they would do that, we want them to obviously fall behind our snow plows.
[Sarah] Thousands of plows and salt trucks are being deployed across the region, loading up and getting in place over night.
Preparations actually began over the last few days, with crews pre-treating highways, local roads and known trouble spots with liquid brine, and officials are encouraged by the forecast.
It's gonna be coming in as snow from what we're hearing, which is beautiful in terms of interacting with the brine, and we're gonna have 3,000 trucks out, starting overnight to be able to push the snow out of the way, as you see, they're starting to roll through here.
[Sarah] Anyone who has to be out, is urged to prepare with an emergency supply kit, charged cell phone and full tank of gas.
Plenty of people heading that advice at Costco's popular gas station on Westox Road in Fairfax.
It's crazy, it's always busy here, but today's extremely busy.
People think that the sky is gonna fall.
I think people don't wanna get stuck.
[Sarah] Over at Home Depot, people stocking up on ice melt, shovels and other usual necessities.
What I'm concerned about is how much snow we're gonna get.
I have three boys, so they're gonna be working.
So, between snow, freezing rain, or at least freezing precipitation, and then possibly some ice, this is expected to impact the next three rush hours.
Vedot told me tonight that because this is starting with snow and it's expecting to accumulate, they will be in the sub-divisions as well, and they and all of the area officials are asking that, in your neighborhood, try to park in a driveway or all on one side of the road, that way the plows have an easier time getting by.
Back to you in the studio.
Several area schools are already out of snow days, in fact, tomorrow's storm will send more schools over their days budgeted for weather cancellations.
Montgomery Country used its two make up days already.
Howard County used its four make up days, if they have to miss any more, the school district will have to appeal to the State Board of Education and ask for forgiveness, or make adjustments to the school calendar.
Fairfax, Prince William, Loudoun and Anne Arundel County Schools all have days to spare.
[Sarah] The storm is forcing Metro to adjust bus and rail service.
Trains will run every 12 minutes in the morning to allow workers to de-ice the tracks.
The schedule could change as the weather unfolds during the day.
Metro Bus will operate under severe snow service plans.
So, that means buses will provide limited service on major roadways only, and Metro access will only provide return trips home for customers between four a.m.
and seven p.m. All other trips will be canceled.
And remember, you can track the weather 24/7 on the FOX 5 Weather app.
You can also get the latest on FOX 5 Morning, beginning at 4 a.m.
Another life lost on what is being called the highway of death.
Juan Castillo was killed last night on Indian Head Highway route 210 in Acookeek, Maryland.
Now, the circumstances around the crash that killed Kim, are similar to a crash that killed three children on that same road back in December.
FOX 5's Lindsay Watts spoke with Castillo's heartbroken family.
Lindsay. Shunning that crash last night and the one in December, drivers were stopped at a red light here on Indian Head Highway when another vehicle came barreling up from behind and crashed into their car.
We have told you about all of the efforts to make Indian Head Highway safer, but police say it also falls on drivers to pay attention when they're behind the wheel.
I feel he's my daddy.
I love him so much and I'm gonna miss him.
[Lindsay] One minute as Castillo was a father and grandfather.
He was driving with a family member Monday night about six miles from his home in Waldorph.
My brother-in-law is driving the car.
[Sarah] This is what happened to that vehicle, a Ford Escape.
According to police, it was stopped at a red light on Indian Head Highway on Barry Road in Accokeek.
Investigators say a female driver didn't stop, plowing in to the Escape.
Menedez Castillo died at the hospital.
Although his family had only recently moved here from Virginia, they were all well aware of 210's notoriety.
Menedez Castillo saw news coverage of the horrifying crash that claimed the life of three children.
When I saw that accident pass on December, he say, oh my God, everybody has to be careful, that street is danger.
[Lindsay] Prince George's County Police have ramped up enforcement on the highway, issuing 3,700 citations in just the last months and a half.
There was a DUY checkpoint earlier this month.
The county is working to get state funding to improve the road, and a bill advancing in Indianapolis would add up to seven roving speed cameras.
Right now, there is only one permanent speed camera on 210.
I think they're doing everything I can think of.
[Lindsay] The road is such a hazard, there's a community group devoted to making it safer.
Ron Weiss is part of that.
When we think of 210 as our main street, and it's just not a good feeling when you go out on your main street and worry about being killed.
[Lindsay] He says these recent fatal crashes have been preventable, and it's up to drivers to take back control.
Back here live now, the crash last night is still under investigation.
Police are trying to find out why that female driver didn't stop.
Back to you.
[Sarah] New at 11 now, Virginia House Democrats today said they are treating the sexual assault allegations against Lieutenant Governor Justin Fairfax seriously.
In a statement they said, we respect all survivors and believe they should be fully heard.
In response, the attorney for accuser, Meredith Watson said, apparently, the Virginia House Democratic Caucus believes that courageous victims of rape need to be heard, just not by them.
Miss Watson is counting on the General Assembly to do the right thing and hold hearings now.
[Sarah] The gunman who shot up a car outside a popular ice arena in the district is still on the run tonight.
The shooting happened this afternoon near the Fort Dupont Ice Arena in the Southeast.
The gunman shot two men and a child, one man is critical, the other two are expected to be okay.
Tonight, police are looking for a silver Hyundai that might be connected to the shooting.
Good news for Southeast DC families who rely on the Fort Dupont Ice Arena, the city's only full-size, public, indoor ice rink, will get a much needed facelift thanks to a deal reached between Mayor Bowser and the friends of Fort Dupont ice arena, the non-profit that runs that rink.
If the group raises three million of the $30 million expansion budget by next February, the city will sign the contract to start the project.
The expansion will create a new two-rink arena.
[Announcer] Well, from the ice to the ball field, the Washington Nationals had their first squad spring training workout today.