Your news starts now.
[Sarah] We begin tonight with a live look at the National Mall.
Tomorrow, people will fill the Mall to celebrate the 4th of July.
[Shawn] It is all clear tonight, but we are watching for popup storms that could put a damper on your holiday plans tomorrow.
All right, let's get right over to Caitlin now.
She is tracking when and where the showers and storms could hit.
And you know, we're kinda used to this on the 4th of July, aren't we?
I know. Yeah, we do this every year it feels like.
I mean, what's a holiday without a weather challenge around here?
Especially in the summer.
We're gonna do that tomorrow.
Probably several rounds of popup showers and storms.
Depending on where you are, you might not see much.
In other spots, might see a lot.
So we're just gonna call it a stormy day tomorrow, because the potential is there for lots of showers and thunderstorms to fire up.
Some of which may be severe, some of which may bring some heavy rains.
So that's a lot to keep track of as you're trying to get from your pool parties to your barbecues, to your firework festivities.
Storm Tracker Radar quiet tonight.
We got the day off, that felt great.
Showers and thunderstorms last night were relentless.
So it was wonderful to not see much around the Metro.
We're gonna stay quiet overnight tonight.
Just a few clouds, muggy and mild, with that low of 76.
Looking ahead to tomorrow.
The heatwave rolls on.
It began on Tuesday, we're gonna continue to see temperatures into the 90s.
And that heat index in the upper 90s.
But as early as the lunch hour, showers and thunderstorms are expected to fire up.
And we could be in for one of those days where you're just dodging them.
So you might wanna have a backup plan if you're gonna be outdoors, you know, run inside as skies start to darken.
And there could a few postponements out there tomorrow afternoon.
Here's your planning forecast warning.
No problem, temperatures start out very mild, around 80 degrees.
Near 90 by the lunch hour, and then we'll be watching for those showers and thunderstorms in the fireworks time.
I think most of the heavy-hitting action will be over with, you know, the severe weather, by nine o'clock.
But there could be some lingering rain.
We'll talk more about that and I'll show you future casts coming up in your full seven-day forecast.
Sarah and Shawn? All right, now that you know the forecast, let's get ya caught up on everything else you need to know about some of the big events in the District tomorrow.
Events in D.C. start just before noon with the National Independence Day Parade on Constitution Avenue Northwest.
Gates open at 3:30 p.m. for President Trump's Salute to America.
That's at the Lincoln Memorial which starts at 6:30.
And the annual Capitol Fourth gets underway on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol at eight tomorrow night.
The big fireworks display expected to begin after nine p.m.
Now, in addition to the massive fireworks display and the concert, new this year, President Trump's Salute to America, which include tanks, a military flyover, and a hefty price tag that some say is outrageous, but others say is money well spent.
FOX 5's Josh Rosenthal is live near the Lincoln Memorial tonight with the latest.
Hey, Josh.
Hey, Shawn, you know we are less than 24 hours away and as you can see, this year's 4th of July's gonna be a little different than years past.
It'll be more expensive, too; however a whole lot of people that I talked to out here today said they think it's money well spent.
I think we spend a lot of money on a lot of things that we don't really know where it's going, so this is a great for, in my mind, a great use of funds.
If Congress doesn't get their act together anyway and wants to waste it on their own pet projects, why not have something to celebrate us?
[Josh] But everyone isn't quite so pleased.
Here's the deal: The Washington Post reported that the National Park Service is diverting about two and a half million bucks in park entrance fees to cover additional costs associated with the President's event.
That money could have been spent on improving parks across the country and even fixing potholes on certain roads like the G.W. Parkway.
And remember, there's about a 12 billion dollar backlog of maintenance needs that the Park Service is already struggling to handle.
They claim that they want to help protect our national parks and they want to provide the money necessary and to address the backlog of the Park Service.
And then they turn around and they used these very valuable dollars from park visitors to pay for this spectacle.
Now, I did reach out to the National Park Service with a whole lot of questions about this, but they didn't answer any of 'em.
Instead, they sent a statement simply saying, The Department of the Interior is committed to providing the American people a fantastic celebration of our nation's birthday.
We are doing so consistent with the Department's mission and historical practices.
I do wanna mention, we still don't have a final total price tag for this event tomorrow,
however, some of the stuff that you're gonna see, for instance, the extra fireworks, have been donated.
Guys, back to you.
And the President's Salute to America tomorrow is also expected to attract protestors.
Members of CODEPINK plan to demonstrate.
The group's organizers said the event is turning into a military style show of force and does not represent the true meaning of Independence Day.
They wanted to fly the Baby Trump balloon we've seen flying in London and other parts of Europe as protest, but the National Park Service denied their request.
CODEPINK says, Even if the balloon cannot fly, the group will take a stand.
We do think it's important to oppose what the President is doing.
I'm a D.C. resident, and we know that the last time President Trump wanted to have a military parade, the D.C. residents spoke out so forcefully and our representatives in the City Council said, No way.
[Shawn] CODEPINK, again, wanted to fly that Baby Trump balloon about two feet off the ground, but the Park Service grounded that idea.
[Sarah] All right, here is a live look at Reagan National Airport, where this year's 4th of July plans on the National Mall will force the airport to close down temporarily.