
Announcer Rates as low as 2.74 annual percentage rate and get up to 300 in rebates on GAP insurance and extended warranty.
Visit MoneyOneFCU.org today.
Announcer The all new WSUA9 app coming soon to the App Store.
Good morning and welcome to Great Day Washington.
Im Markette Sheppard.
Kristen is out today but if youre at home and youre looking for a mate weve got some great digital dating tips for you this morning.
Plus were sharing how a group of local scientists are working hard to combat the pollution in the Potomac which is so important as we get that storm runoff this morning.
But first lets get over to WUSA9 meteorologist Howard Bernstein for an update on this flash flood warning were currently experiencing Howard?
Yeah Markette weve been tracking some very heavy rainfall over the last few hours.
It came out of Frederick then moved right down to 70.
These are flood warnings from Frederick in towards Southern Prince Georges County.
So much of the area under active flash flood warnings and these are the worst most dangerous type of flooding we can have because flash flooding happens very quickly.
It could catch you by surprise and it only takes a foot two feet of water to push your car off the road.
So thats why you hear turn around dont drown.
The good news is that up in Frederick at least the heaviest rains are done but even Howard County now under a flash flood warning til 1145.
Montgomery County on the East Side seeing some heavier rains but the heaviest rains and Mary and I were looking at this some of the precip intensities the rainfall intensities are in the five plus inches per hour in the heaviest parts so these are tropical downpours causing some flash flooding.
Not everywhere but thereve been a number of water rescues already in Frederick and Montgomery Counties.
You see along I66 and South seems to be the heaviest.
Silver Spring youre starting to see not quite as heavy rain move in but everywhere you see orange and red very very heavy rainfall for Fedex Field right across the heart of D.C.Now moving down toward Alexandria here just about to Franconia.
So our friends down in Mount Vernon and Lowertown and areas of Prince Georges County outside the Beltway there.
Just generally South of Joint Base Andrews over toward Clinton and Melwood and Upper Marlboro get ready as this whole mass of water is moving down towards you with that flash flood warning until 1115 and Prince Georges County and we are gonna see better weather.
Once we get rid of this stuff this morning well see the activity shift off to the South and West as we get into the afternoon.
So the next one to two hours could be particularly bad with flooding but it will get better this afternoon Ellen.
I hope so cause the roads are not looking good right now.
This is a live look at the Beltway.
We had a closure here.
Theyve just opened a second left lane on the inner loop of the the Beltway by the American Legion Bridge.
Let me show you some of the backups because this has been going on for a while.
It sounds like there was a tree that fell onto a vehicle caused some sort of accident.
Theyre trying to move it over to the right hand side as quickly as possible but you can see from that camera thats what traffic looks like trying to head around the inner loop of the Beltway.
Youre jammed coming from the Springfield interchange.
This is my maps to show you some of the delays.
I270 southbound not looking good.
The Beltway is not looking good and Im also now seeing reports in North Arlington of several flooded streets that were having some water rescues with.
Weve had many rescues up in Frederick as well following Frederick County their police departments Twitter page.
Theyve been just tweeting out closures like crazy.
These are just the main streets not even the side streets.
Definitely impacting you as you head out the door.
We got the gold!
All right now to your top headlines this morning.
The U.S.Womens Soccer Team they got quite the welcome last night when they returned to their hotel in France.
The U.S.captured its fourth Womens World Cup title in a two to nothing win over the Netherlands.
Captain Megan Rapinoe scored the first goal of the match and was named the tournaments outstanding player.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio he invited the players to a ticker tape parade in Manhattans Canyon of Heroes on Wednesday.
Developing this morning there was panic inside Union Station after loud bangs were mistaken for gunshots.
Police are now telling us it appears that this was all just fireworks.
The incident happened shortly before five last night and many people took to social media to document the chaos.
One guys said he looked for exit signs and walked out the back of a store with some other customers.
Other people said they hid in the storage closets and restrooms until they were given the all clear.
Its crazy and we live in a society not only in America but all across the world when we hear unexpected sounds it draws our attention to what could possibly be and fortunately unfortunately its just the type of times that we live in.
It scares people.
It scares people because you never know especially after 911.
You really never know whats gonna happen.
Now the panic caused a stampede.
Three people were treated at the scene for minor injuries.
When it comes to the person who set off the fireworks police tell us they are investigating but would not say if someone was arrested.
However with all of those cameras inside and outside it is likely at this point they know how this was carried out and who is responsible.
Meanwhile mistaking fireworks for gunshots this isnt new.
Just last week fireworks sparked a stampede at Navy Pier in Chicago.
Police there say a private security officer mistook the sounds of gunfire as gunfire and shouted for everyone to take cover.
At least 13 people were taken to the hospital after being trampled.
Well in a sweet story this morning some pictures of a little boy helping out an Honor Guard member in Arlington Texas theyre going viral.
The police department posted the pictures of 11 year old Josh Brown tying Officer Wilsons shoe at the 4th of July parade that was held in the city.
Wilson noticed his shoe was untied and his fellow officers asked Josh to tie the shoe.
Josh said he was a little bit nervous but he got the job done.
The next day Officer Wilson thanked him for helping out.
Josh says he hopes to be a police officer when he grows up.
Maryland voters will soon have a new gender option on voter registration forms.
Last week the Board of Elections agreed to list X as a gender option along with M for male and F for female.
The change mirrors a new Maryland law for drivers licenses and state issued ID cards.
That law goes into effect on October 1st.
We also want to say a big congratulations to the Real Housewives of Potomac star Ashley Darby.
She and her husband Michael they welcomed a baby boy into the world yesterday.
Ashley Darby posted on Instagram It was the most sensational day of our shared life.
Shes yet to reveal the baby boys name and we are all waiting for that.
Congratulations to them.
I was her Miss America roommate.
I never thought Id get to announce her first child on air.
Thats great.
Congratulations Ashley.
Now were gonna send things out to Andi Hauser who is braving the rain this morning out in Alexandria.
How are you doing?
Hey good morning to you.
Im doing well.
I mean Im soaking wet.
Originally this morning we were gonna be out there.
We were talking about the Province which is that old tall ship thats now it has the permanent home here at Founders Park but in light of things since theres so many warnings and watches for flooding in the area we wanted to go ahead and show you what things are like right here in Alexandria and as you can see rain is certainly coming down.
Its coming down in buckets and of course there are many streets in this area that are prone to flooding especially when we were in that flash flood situation.
So already you know you can tell theres nobody out here and for good reason.
People have gone ahead and either found some shelter.
But again guys it is certainly coming down.
We could just see it before it got here.
Just that dark line and it just continued to move closer and closer over the last 30 minutes which is where we are right now.
It seems like we are right in the thick of it here at Founders Park in Old Town Alexandria.
So Im gonna step in for a second dry off a little bit try and get the drops off my hat.
In the meantime lets send it back to the ladies in the nice dry studio.
Back to you.
Announcer The dating scene is trickier than ever in the digital age.
Coming up best selling author Andi Lew will help you find better dates on your device.
Everyone wants to buy houses these days but whom can you trust?
Call Express Homebuyers.
Thousands of homeowners have trusted us to buy their house the hassle free way.
Music Express Homebuyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music A great man once said Knowledge is power so I want to give it to you.
Im attorney Paul Samakow and Ive written a book that you and your family need to have.
What to do before and then if an auto accident happens so youll be protected and so you dont end up on the short end of the stick.
Go to AccidentLawBook.com and download it instantly for free.
Thats AccidentLawBook.com and yes if you need to talk ask questions and certainly if you need me me or one of my attorneys will answer the phone.
Thats right an attorney answers the phone when you call.
Im attorney Paul Samakow and my team can help.
Call one of my five million numbers and an attorney will answer.
Your case probably isnt worth five million by the way but phone numbers are easy to remember.
Music Deal boss Music Are you tired of overpaying those outlandish monthly fees for your cable or satellite bill?
Im Matt Granite.
I cut the cord and this is my favorite Deal Boss Deal of the Week an antenna that will get your more free TV channels than anything else on the market.
This first of its kind antenna installs in seconds and is my favorite way to cut the cord.
I found it for half price and its waiting for you.
Music Deal boss Music Go to DealBoss.tv for a link to this and other great deals.
The only thing that I would do differently the only thing I shouldve called Express Homebuyers sooner.
Music Express Homebuyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days.
Music Well welcome back to Great Day Washington.
Now were gonna talk about digital dating in the social age with an author of a book who tried it out for herself and she wants to save you from some digital disasters.
Andi Lew welcome to Great Day Washington.
Thank you Markette.
When I was researching when dating apps first came about.
Four years it took me to research and write this book and I found that from this swipe left culture people really want meaningful connections and so this is the ultimate dating wellness book because Im a certified wellness and lifestyle coach.
I want you to be able to find love.
And people are happier and healthier the research says when they do have a mate but how do you do it nowadays when it seems like everything starts out in a digital relationship?
Youre not meeting people face to face anymore.
Well Markette you know what?
Its just so handy.
I mean given on a day like today you want to be indoors or youre a single mom and you just cant get out.
We like to do everything from our phone so why not?
However we need to be careful as to how we put ourselves on the market in this singles market because there are some things that you can do which I explain to help you have a meaningful connection and something that is safe.
Okay and so to do the research you actually went undercover for this book.
What does that mean?
Well most of the time I didnt tell them who I was and I wanted to experience dating life as a newly divorced sort of woman in her 40s and how its so hard to navigate through this world of digital dating.
Its hard to keep up and I wanted to be able to help others.
But other times I did say Listen Im just an author and Im researching.
And a lot of the people would reply back and say Oh thats a really good line.
Im gonna use that line.
I said No I really am.
Markette And so they still wanted to go out with you?
So when you say them you mean you were dating men and interacting with men for the book?
Andi Yes.
But sometimes you told them you were doing research and sometimes you just and what was the barometer?
If you were interested maybe you didnt tell them?
Well what I did was I kinda said Look this really is research.
Tell me about your experience because I would love to write about it and help other people.
And they said Well can we go on a date first?
And then can I be in the book?
And I said Honey you already are.
Ive been screenshotting everything.
Wow okay.
So theres some great stories in there but I did cover up their identity with a bit of a cowboy emoji or something like that.
Okay so its anonymous.
Now nowadays everybody if theyre interested they wanna like slide someone a DM.
Yeah.
And you say those days are done.
Can you explain?
Well look people are going into direct messages on Instagram as well as dating apps.
You dont need to court via a dating app.
It can be actually through any sort of social media and I wanted to explain the correct netiquette if you like on how to do that.
Okay internet etiquette?
Yeah thats right.
Okay so youre saying you dont need to sign up on a proper dating app to date anymore.
You can use any social media platform but you have some rules of engagement.
Well thats right.
First of all people are getting others attention by going on what I call a liking spree.
So on Instagram for example theyll like a couple of the photos at the top and then maybe scroll down to sort of a month prior and then a bit of a follow.
And that kinda gets your attention I guess when it comes up in the notifications in your newsfeed.
And if you like the look of the person then you might slide into their DMs and then a conversation begins.
Okay so go on a so you do you recommend this?
Go on a liking spree do a nice comment and follow and then it comes up like this persons name like 10 times and youreWell not 10 times Markette cause then youre gonna look like a crazy person.
Right?
Thats why Im asking if you would recommend it.
Thats right.
Okay.
So Id probably recommend about two to three times and a follow.
And thenYou said spree.
So a spree is two to three likes.
Yeah a liking spree is two to three.
Thats a healthy way and you know what?
Its healthy to flirt and to do it safely and with the right netiquette if you like is the best way.
Okay thats good.
So not all attempts at digital dating go according to plan as we know in real life face to face dating.
So how do you avoid the disasters?
Or you do maybe youre not a weirdo or a crazy but you come across as one because you liked too many photos.
Thats why you need my book.
Right right.
Because there is a chapter called How to Weed Out the Weirdos.
Are they weird or are they just socially awkward?
I mean this didnt come with a book of rules so I wrote one and its important to know sort of how you are coming across as you say and there are ways to come across you know really authentic and kind and things like that and you can have a very you know people are getting married out of these sorts of dating apps.
So its important to know that if you present well then youll attract well.
Okay you said a good tip before.
We have to go to break but I just wanna share.
You said if you see someone on Instagram and you like them try to do like a Facetime or a Skype right away.
Good yeah.
To make sure and then you have a book launch event in town.
Can you tell folks about it?
Yeah thats right.
So basically Id love you to follow me on Instagram and you can see all the details.
Also you do need to bring it to a video call because then you can see if theyre a fake person or a real person but learn how to block their number as well when you do do a video call.
All right.
Thank you so much Andi Lew.
The book is called InstaLovers Digital Dating DM Disasters and Love Stories.
And its on Amazon.
And its on Amazon!
Well be back with more Great Day after this.
Thank you.
Announcer Up next we meet a group of scientists who are working hard to prevent the pollution in the Potomac.
Female I am a nurse.
Male A firefighter.
Male A college student.
Female A mother.
Female And I am an American soldier.
Female I will always be ready.
Male For every storm.
Male And disaster that threatens my community.
Male I will always be there to protect my neighbors.
Female My family.
Male And my country.
Female We are the Army National Guard.
Male We are the Army National Guard.
Female We are the Army National Guard.
Narrator Visit nationalguard.com to learn more about parttime service.
If youre like most people you love your pets.
Now is a great time to replace your floor with our certified petfriendly products during our free installation sale.
Plus save an extra 100 with promo code Home Improvement.
Music Call 87750FLOOR Music Music Pick up the phone well be knocking at your door Music Its buyback time at McCarthy Services.
For a limited time McCarthy Services will buy back your old inefficient HVAC system when we take up to 1500 off your new heating and cooling system purchase.
Thats right!
Youll save up to 1500 when you choose the professionals at McCarthy Services.
Call McCarthy Services today to set up your complimentary HVAC system analysis.
McCarthy Services heating cooling and plumbing.
Making it work making it right.
Visit McCarthyHomeServices.com.
Music McCarthyHomeServices.com Music Announcer Jiffy Lube Live Concert Calendar presented by Live Nation.
July 9th Rockstar Energy Disrupt Festival featuring The Used and Thrice.
July 11th Blink182 and Lil Wayne.
July 13th Dierks Bentley.
July 14th Kidz Bop.
For VIP box and season tickets visit livenationpremiumseats.com.
Is your house less than perfect?
Im Dan from MarketPro Homebuyers and we want to buy your home.
MarketPro Homebuyers gave us a fair offer and truly helped my family.
Call us today at 3017997355.
Narrator This is Annie.
Audience Member Shh.
Announcer And this is Annie paying back her friend for the tickets with Zelle before the previews start.
And this is Annie getting ready to enjoy the show.
This is your right here right now bank.
This is Wells Fargo.
Upgrade your home fast and save.
Free installation from 50 Floor on all carpet hardwood vinyl and laminate.
Offer ends at the end of the month so call now.
Plus save an extra 100 with promo code Home Improvement.
Music Call 87750Floor Music Music Pick up the phone well be knocking at your door Music Hey welcome back to Great Day Washington.
This morning we are coming to you live from Old Town Harbor where the rain is coming down but I wanted to tell you earlier this week we had a chance to catch up with the folks from the River Potomac Riverkeepers Foundation and when it comes to water quality after a major weather event like this things are gonna be compromised so heres what you need to know.
Check it out.
We have our annual report.
Thank you.
Woman If youd like to grab one.
Andi One by one volunteers signed up here at the National Harbor.
We just felt that it was really important that the public had an opportunity to know when the water was safe to go in.
Andi To learn how they can help heal the waters of the Potomac River.
We are launching our Virginia and Maryland Citizen Science Volunteer Water Quality Monitoring Program Educating them about where sources of bacteria are coming from how they get into the river and the public health risks where people go in the river and dont know when its safe to go in the water or not.
Andi Dean Naujoks from the Potomac River Keeper Network helped launch this program because there was little to no data recorded on the bacteria found in the Potomac.
Dean Rule of thumb is one to three days after a rain event usually you will have high levels of bacteria.
That bacteria comes from backed up sewage and storm drains that spill into the river.
Is there a specific type of bacteria that were looking for?
Thats right.
Its E.coli.
Thats the main test were using.
The reason we use E.Coli is its somewhat correlated with human health issues.
From what I understand thats why there is a swimming ban in the D.C.waters.
Andi Patrick Fletcher is a volunteer scientist with the Potomac Riverkeeper Network and donates his time to help collect data.
He showed us the process.
Patrick Im gonna just scoop this in like that fill it up.
Now we have a clean sample of the Potomac right here.
Andi They also test the turbidity or clarity of the water and the pH levels.
We dont have to go far to process the data.
The Sea Dog a boat donated to the Potomac Riverkeepers serves as a live working science lab right on the water.
Patrick So if its fluorescent it means that there its positive for E.coli.
Andi The Riverkeepers then compare the numbers to a chart to determine if the sample is a pass or a fail.
Patrick In the D.C.region were using a conservative cut off of 126 so this would be a fail.
All the data collected by the volunteers can be downloaded to your phone by using the Swim Guide app.
The goal is to let us know if the water is safe for a variety of activities.
Were gonna be uploading it here every single week on Fridays so that when people are going out on the weekends during warm weather months September through October they know based on that data that we took that day whether the water is safe or not to swim.
A swimmable Potomac River is the goal.
Andi Currently there are 10 test sites along the river but Dean is optimistic there will be more as the program grows.
His hope is that this program pushes out the pollution problem in the Potomac.
Were seeing important things happening like upgrades to sewage treatment plants.
Andi After all its about keeping the water clean for generations to come.
Dean I can honestly say that this river is gonna be cleaner probably in 10 years from now than it is now.
All right guys.
If you want more information you can log on to WUSA9.com but again Im out here in Alexandria this morning.
Were actually at Old Town Harbor.
You can really feel the dock moving.
It seems like the winds even picking up a little bit but the rain definitely coming down.
So as you heard there in the story youre gonna wanna allow three or four days for the bacteria levels and E.coli levels to possibly drop in the river before going into it or utilizing it in any way.
Lets send it back to the ladies in the studio.
Announcer Were going gaga for gazpacho in the Great Day Kitchen.
Coming up find out where you can get the summer dish all month long.
Flooding rains continue across Washington and Point South now.
New flash flood warnings for D.C.until 1115 that also goes with south toward Prince Georges County.
Some of the rainfall rates here three four five inches per hour.
Well take a closer look at radar and let you know what you can expect for the rest of your Monday and the week in just a couple of minutes.
Are you looking for a hassle free simple way to sell your home as is?
We buy houses directly.
Theres no middlemen no commissions.
Give us a call today.
House Buyers of America.
Real estate made real easy.
With Cox you get everything you wanna watch in one place using the voice remote.
Show me action.
Even a ninny like me can figure it out.
With streaming apps you miss live events and waste time searching for shows.
Not this one that one?
Its clear that Cox is the better choice just like its clear that the teleprompter guy thinks Im a booboohead who steals parking spots.
Announcer Get live TV great apps and on demand from Cox starting at 79.99 a month.
Hi friends.
Do you know what I dont like?
Liars.
Insurance company liars.
Insurance company adjusters who avoid your calls rarely call you back who stall delay and do everything they can to frustrate you in connection with your accident claim.
And then they offer you a ridiculously insulting amount of money while telling you the bills were too high that you didnt need all of that treatment and that you really werent hurt that badly.
So what can you do?
The system is not set up unfortunately in a way that allows you to do much.
You cant file a lawsuit and push them but a lawyer can.
Im attorney Paul Samakow and the antics of the insurance industry really piss me off.
So when I represent you if I dont get what I want for you lawsuit.
Call one of my five million numbers if youve been injured.
An attorney will answer.
Thats right an attorney will answer your call.
Into the afternoon.
If you see high water and you dont know if the road is there assume it is not.
Its just very dangerous.
Now the future cast.
I do wanna point out I think this is about 20 or 30 miles too far North because its got the rain still in Montgomery County but weve seen the heaviest down here so assume this is just a little bit too far North but even at 1130 we still have some heavier rains potentially coming in to the South Side of DC.
The nice thing is the trend shows the rain moving south and then southwest as we get into the afternoon.
So through the morning we still have a threat for some heavy tropical downpours but then in the afternoon well see some sun as we dry out with highs staying in the 70s to low 80s.
Much more comfortable out there but a dangerous situation at the moment.
Scattered showers and storms this morning.
Some of them heavy heavy rain so please watch out for the high water.
Mostly in theThen it must be good.
Yeah yeah.
Totally yeah.
Right.
So its about like raw vegetables so basically its like a vegetable smoothie.
Gazpacho the base of it is tomato usually traditionally in Spain but were gonna play with that to base on whats in season.
So right now were gonna do green chickpea and cucumber gazpacho is what were gonna make.
Oh this is nice.
This is reallyYes its super healthy.
Green chickpea?
Its not dairy free though so.
Right.
Its not dairy free but yogurt is one of those foods where theyre on the health food list as something thatExactly.
That you can eat.
Its good for you.
Its full fat Greek yogurt.
Its not low fat which is the best.
Full fat?
Full fat.
Markette Okay there you go.
Dont go for the low cal stuff.
These green chickpeas look amazing.
Yeah so theyre fresh green chickpeas.
Theyre one of my favorite foods but this is the type of summer soup that they eat along the Mediterranean so thats Spain andYeah that so its the southern part of the inner Lucia region is like where gazpacho kinda started.
Okay.
So obviously tomato is a base but I mean we have the grilled local peach piquillo pepper.
So this is another.
Gazpacho.
So you have four different so its a different gazpacho each week and this one is made from Virginia peaches.
So local Virginia peaches grilled and then we puree it with piquillo peppers.
Markette Thats beautiful whats this?
Matt And then yellow tomato and yellow watermelon gazpacho.
Markette Yellow Ive never seen a yellow watermelon.
Our camera is slowly panning there.
Matt This is the hybridized watermelon.
Its super sweet its delicious.
Markette Any different tastes or?
Matt Its a little more sweeter I feel like it is.
Markette Oh really?
Oh.
Matt Yeah and they kind of theres tomato in that so it kind of balances out.
Okay beautiful.
Theres acid.
Theres sweetness so its nice.
Okay.
Lets get back to this one.
So lets dig in.
So you got we got the red we got the yellow now were making the green.
And the green exactly.
Gazpacho okay.
I wanna go every week just to say I had a healthy meal at least once a week Chef Matt.
All right so high protein.
You got the avocados.
Okay.
All right.
Lemon juice lemon zest.
Nice little twang there.
Little bit of sherry vinegar for a little more acid which is so good.
All right so what binds it is the avocado the cheese and the yogurt.
So you dont have to put any bread into it.
Thats nice.
So it will not it will not separate.
And theres no crazy food chemicals in it as well.
Markette Oh thats so great.
And then the bread helps you stay slim and trim and light in summer as well.
Exactly.
Markette But full because of the chickpeas.
Matt Exactly.
So jalapenos because everybody likes spicy food in the summertime.
Fresh mint and obviously a lot of green herbs to make it green and then basil.
And then water to thin it out to get whatever consistency you want.
You can add more or less water.
So fresh still water cause it wont effect the flavor.
Its nice and neutral.
Theres no chlorine or any chemicals or whatever in it.
Markette Ah okay.
So thats why you use that.
Matt Yes it wont affect the flavor at all.
Markette So were stirring this up on TV but at home if you were to attempt this what would you use?
Matt So at home you would use a blender obviously to puree it and then if you want it chunky or smooth you can pass it through a china cap or a chinois to get it whatever texture you want but its open ended.
You can eat it like this if you want.
laughs Markette Uh okay no thank you.
Ill just keep stirring this and as you continue.
Okay so imagine.
Its like yogurt soup.
Markette Imagine you have a blender and all of these ingredients get nice and smooth with no lumps like you chefs do so well.
How would it look when you finally plate it?
Matt So were gonna plate it.
This is how we do at the restaurant.
A little bit of tzatziki so dill cucumber Greek yogurt and if you want you can do the rest glutenfree.
I like a little breadcrumbs for texture.
Just a little.
Just a little bit.
Markette And its also very beautiful on the plate.
Matt All right a lot of olive oil cause theyre Mediterranean they love olive oil and olives and then pour tableside.
Nice and smooth see that little texture to it.
Markette Oh so thats nice.
So the waiter comes out and pours it?
Matt Yeah we pour it tableside.
Markette At your seat I love when they do that.
Matt And Ill put some more olive oil on cause olive oil is really good.
And thats it.
Markette All right thats beautiful.
Now I would probably do this.
I love breadcrumbs could you do that?
Matt Yeah you can do whatever you want.
Just like a little.
Yeah.
And then like a little?
Little bit of microgreens.
Markette Yeah exactly cause then I can say that I ate my vegetables and no one knows its a tablespoon full.
Now whats great about Olivia is you have this torta de gazpacho or gazpacho de torta depending on which order you eat it.
So if the soup is just not enough you have something more.
Yeah so its similar to a combo plate.
For 16 bucks you can come in and get whatever weekly gazpacho we have little village salad and a little burrata sandwich.
That looks so amazing.
Little bit of pancooked tomate on the bottom.
Wow so the burratas like nice and soft and then you squeeze it and then.
Yeah it just oozes out.
It just oozes out all over.
Can yall see that at home?
Okay Im gonna leave it here but look at that burrata.
And then you squeeze it when you bite into it and youre like its the best meal I ever had in my life!
Okay so four different gazpachos.
One each week where do we find you for more?
So 800 F Street Northwest.
800 F Street.
So Penn Quarter and not Chinatown where Penn Quarter is.
All right there you go 800 F Street.
Say hi to Chef Matt if you stop by and well be back with more Great Day after this.
Did you know you can lease HVAC systems water heaters and generators?
Find out how with Michael and Son coming up.
Announcer Diamonds at their lowest price in years.
Half carat Solitaires are now 399 one carat 790 two carats 950 per carat plus one carat studs 399.
Insane prices on thousands of GIA Diamonds and designer rings.
Buy direct the Jewelry Exchange Bethesda.
Narrator This is Annie.
Audience Member Shh.
Narrator And this is Annie paying back her friend for the tickets with Zelle before the previews start.
And this is Annie getting ready to enjoy the show.
This is your right here right now bank.
This is Wells Fargo.
Announcer Its buy back time at ARS Rescue Rooter.
For a limited time ARS Rescue Rooter will buy back your old inefficient HVAC system when we take up to 1500 off your new heating and cooling system purchase.
Thats right youll save up to 1500 when you choose the professionals at ARS.
Call ARS Rescue Rooter today to set up your complimentary HVAC system analysis.
ARS Rescue Rooter heating cooling and plumbing.
Making it work making it right.
Visit ARSofVirginia.com.
Music Call ARS and Rescue Rooter Music Announcer Gutter problems?
But youre confused with all the claims and free offers.
Most gutter companies try to upsell you expensive gutter systems.
Gutter Helmet will prep and cover your existing gutters saving you a ton of money.
Call for a free demonstration and quote.
You just cant trust the internet these days.
Luckily I discovered NordVPN.
Thanks to NordVPN I feel so safe online now.
I just click and let NordVPN do the rest.
Who wouldve thought it takes just a click to keep the hackers away?
Announcer Diamonds the forever gift.
The Jewelry Exchange has one carat certified for 1790.
Two carat rings and studs 2900.
Two carat certified 5900.
Thousands of GIA Diamonds and mountings at insane prices plus no interest for 12 months.
The Jewelry Exchange Bethesda.
Man Always we stay close together.
Oh.
Yes.
Woman Oh theyre telling us to be quiet sorry.
Man Oh whats wrong?
Woman Whos that?
He is wobbling and weaving wobbling around.
That would not be the morning to be out sightseeing.
Systems when you can get the ease and all right sorry about that.
Well get back to Howard in just a minute but for now were talking Michael and Son.
When it comes to keeping systems up in your home you can get the ease and convenience of leasing with Michael and Son.
Here to tell us more about their leasing programs is proud son and sorry about that Im blanking here.
Sorry proud son and owner of Michael and Son.
Welcome back Basim Mansour.
Are we live?
We are live on TV right now.
Oh wonderful.
I know.
You didnt know we came quickly.
There was no teleprompter for me to read but we are here to talk about home ownership and how leasing an HVAC system is so convenient and easy.
Tell me more.
Well traditionally everybody normally has HVAC systems in their home and they buy them when they go bad.
We have a new product and its called a Lease HassleFree Lease Program and with that it means that you dont own your HVAC system.
Why own an asset thats gonna fail and its gonna die over a period time?
Why own a problem?
Why own a maintenance issue?
Lease it.
And a lot of people dont know that they can lease their system.
This is like you said hasslefree.
Tell me more about what makes it hasslefree.
What makes it hasslefree is the fact that you dont have to think about it.
We take care of all the maintenance.
We take care of the filter changes.
We take care of tuning it up before the seasons.
We take care of any repairs.
Listen the truth is everythings gonna fail.
These systems are gonna fail.
Everything in life fails and when they do fail well take care of it.
I mean thats the thing and its not gonna hurt you.
Youre not gonna feel the pain of thinking oh my god whats this gonna cost?
Its covered its taken care of.
Thats true because no one wants to spend their money although you need it no one wants to spend their money buying a new HVAC system.
How much can people really save by leasing especially when you think about your five to seven years on a system its working hard in the summer.
Oh yeah well you know what?
Actually Ill tell you a very quick story.
I was talking to an elderly lady and I was thinking about her and I was thinking she was on the fence whether to lease or to buy and I said Listen.
I said I want you to lease and Ill tell you why because if I lease it to you I know that youre gonna be covered for the rest of your life that no ones gonna take advantage of you that were always gonna take care of your system that no persons gonna come in and not do you right with the repairs.
And when you lease it you know youre covered and thats what youre gonna get.
Youre gonna get security youre gonna get the knowing that you dont have to think about it.
Youre gonna get the fact that you dont have to schedule maintenances we do that you know?
When you talk about someone on a fixed income like a senior citizen who maybe doesnt have the wherewithal to go out and actually shop for an HVAC system you also offer a convenient monthly price so people know what to expect and know youre gonna be there for them but then they also know what to expect from month to month.
Absolutely.
The thing is when you buy a system and if you were to buy that right?
You think about youre gonna buy it but what you dont think about is all the repairs and the maintenance over the life of the unit.
If you were to take the repairs and the maintenances plus the cost of equipment thats a monthly cost because those systems are only gonna last 10 or 15 years.
So were just taking that and just combining into one fixed payment where youre guaranteed youre not gonna have surprises.
I love this especially for new homeowners.
You think about the elderly people but then first time homebuyers they can be overwhelmed with everything they have to do for a new home.
So it makes sense now but what happens when you sell your home and youre thinking oh my goodness I leased this HVAC.
How can I transfer it?
Can I transfer it at all?
Great question and the answer is yes you can transfer it and I think honestly any new homeowner that buys your home is gonna be thankful that theyre just gonna go into a system that they dont have to worry about because lots of people who buy homes sometimes its their first home and theyre not sure what to do.
With this they dont have to do nothing.
I love it I love it.
I know that was definitely me when I bought my first home.
All I wanted to do was turn the lights on have it be cool in the summer and hot in the winter or at least warm.
Okay so we got that covered.
Now do you have any type of specials for our Great Day viewers?
Maybe youre interested and you need a little push at home so we got the owner of Michael and Son here and Im saying what do you have for our homeowners watching?
Well Ill tell you this.
I dont want to sound too infomercially but I will say that I want you guys to really get into this.
I want you to enjoy your summer and if you guys honestly call us and call us now were gonna give you three the first three months of payments are on me.
I love that I love it.
So the first three you dont even have to talk to Basim himself just call get the first person who answers and says I saw Basim on Great Day and you get the first three months.
Yes.
Im repeating this now so people will call me you get the first three months on you.
Absolutely and if you want you can call me.
This is my personal cellphone number right here.
No its not here.
Im just joking.
Okay 866.
Okay okay but thats your number and I just so appreciate you making it easy because no one really knows an HVAC system unless youre an HVAC expert and thats you.
So I appreciate you coming here today.
I appreciate you having me.
And you did great for live unexpected TV.
You did great.
Thank you.
Yeah okay so remember for the deal you have to call so remember call about Michael and Sons leasing options and theyre standing by to take your calls right now.
That number is 8662148608 or you can visit them online at MichaelandSon.com now lets send it over to Howard for an update on the weather.
Yeah you know Markette these batteries only last so long.
Theyre been on since 415 this morning but were continuing to track the storms.
Heaviest stuff now is pushing from D.C.south although were not done with the rain but I think the heaviest rains if you are north of D.C.you probably have the worst youre gonna see and theres plenty of flooding going on right now.
Ellens got some incredible pictures shes gonna share in just a moment but on the doppler youll notice D.C.south were seeing the heaviest stuff.
Flood warnings now go into Prince Georges County til one oclock in advance of this mass of water that is coming out of the Alexandria Clinton Upper Marlboro the Southern part of the District over toward even Northern Anne Arundel Northern Calvert and Southern Anne Arundel Counties.
You see D.C.now were out of the heaviest heaviest stuff at least in the heart of downtown.
Alexandria down toward Mount Vernon Accokeek still getting pounded there with just lighter more regular rains if you will back toward Georgetown Northwest D.C. Bethesda Potomac.
West Springfield to Mount Vernon as we said to Piscataway in Prince Georges County.
And the heavy rains have made it to Brandywine its gonna get a little bit heavier.
Waldorf itll be there in the next 10 or 15 minutes and well give it another 10 or 15 minutes after that.
As this whole areas moving southeast at about 25 miles a hour or so.
Charles County eventually into Calvert and St.Marys as well and lets not forget west of the river.
Our friends in Prince William not seeing it nearly as badly and I think thatll be the same case in Stafford.
Some of these rain totals by the way thats close to five inches in the last 12 hours.
These are 12 hour rain totals in Frederick I saw a picture out of Baker Park underwater.
We saw some areas north of Martinsburg five and a half inches of rain since last night.
Adamstown had about four and a half four and three quarters since last night.
So weve had widespread flooding please be careful take all of these closed roads very seriously.
What are we looking at for the next 12 hours?
Well still a chance for some rain and showers I think through early afternoon slip south and west we dry out.
We see a little sun but a cooler day than weve seen in awhile with highs in the lower 80s.
Ellen Brian unbelievable.
Howard.
Howard You showed me that map of the Beltway its almost completely red.
Ellen Oh yes yeah.
I can go to that first here lets show you that.
The I270 Southbound the Beltway inner and outer loops especially over by the American Legion Bridge because that is where were seeing that first traffic lane camera that Im showing you now.
We had a closure here.
No longer a closure but take a look at traffic that is following that.
We had a tree that fell down on a car caused an accident so were seeing these significant delays.
Plus the rains delaying people.
Flooding on so many roads.
This is right here Lee Highway at North Kirkwood Street.
If you can look closely through I know the raindrops on that camera lens there are cars that have been trapped in high water there.
Weve also been getting people on social media sending us so many things including some flooding in Metro as well and the entrance that has been blocked to the CO Canal so well see.
Oh we have Adam Longo first.
Okay so Adam Longo he was up by Newcut Road and 355 or Frederick Road.
Take a look at the flooding there.
Theres that car.
Clarksburg Clarksburg area.
Ellen Its in Clarksburg area Montgomery County.
That car thats over by the guardrail as youre seeing that and Howard and I were talking about this.
You typically see this area have that kind of high water.
Howard Yeah just south of the middle school.
I live a mile or so north of there so this is a very low area on 355.
Ellen Yeah Adams saying the roads completely washed out.
Then we have trouble at the Metro take a look at this.
This is the Virginia Square Metro do you see the water thats rushing right into the tracks from above?
Its just coming down.
This is from a viewer Nina Farah sent this in.
She said I think Im gonna be late to work is what she said with this I think so and she has many other tweets that shes been sending out but water rushing in there and then also the CO Canal tweeted out this.
They said their Great Falls entrance the road there is completely closed.
They have trees that are down.
Ive seen pictures of high water there as well so were seeing this all over.
You gotta be careful out there.
So many swift water rescues happening.
Be careful out there this morning.
Were gonna take a quick break then well come right back here and continue our coverage.
Announcer WUSA9 wants you to win tickets to the UniverSoul Circus.
Dont miss your chance.
Just text UNIVERSOUL to 65047 right now to win.
Well buy your house as is and handle all repairs.
Get to lifes next step with peace of mind and cash in your pocket.
Music Express Homebuyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music Announcer Right now join Planet Fitness for 1 down no commitment.
Or you can work out at home in your spacious laundrystorage closet.
Or from the comfort of your own bedroom.
Or surrounded by the lights of your life.
Leave home at home and leave the gym to us.
Get a great workout with treadmills ellipticals weights free fitness training and more.
Join Planet Fitness for 1 down 10 a month no commitment.
Ends July 16th.
Hey guys whats going on?
So we are here at Salon Virage with owner himself Fadi and he is about to do a step by step treatment on his client called the scalp treatment so lets get started.
So this is the phytopolleine here.
This is gonna balance your scalp.
We leave it 30 minutes and after that Pam will shampoo her hair.
All right Fadi we just did step one.
Whats step two?
So now were gonna do a haircut.
Its gonna be bob degrade which is layers.
All right Fadi you just finished step two so whats step three?
Step three is look at the client and then see where it needs the be texturized and then fill in the gaps.
Oh wow this looks beautiful.
So if you guys need your hair done get down to Salon Virage visit them at salonvirage.com or you can call the number below.
After my car accident I didnt know that a lawyer would help deal with all my medical bills.
I didnt know I could also get money for pain and suffering.
I didnt know the insurance company wasnt going to give me the settlement I deserved.
We do know at Saiontz  Kirk we know injury law and we know how to get you the most money possible.
Clients of Saiontz  Kirk have collected over 1 billion.
When you need a lawyer you have a lawyer.
Call 1800LAWYERS or visit YouHaveALawyer.com if you have a phone you have a lawyer.
The only thing that I would do differently the only thing I shouldve called Express Homebuyers sooner.
Music Express Homebuyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music Well welcome back to Great Day Washington.
Its what everyone is talking about this morning besides the storm its the Womens World Cup.
The U.S.Womens Team is back on top after beating the Netherlands two to nothing yesterday in France.
Its the fourth World Cup title for the U.S.and the second in a row.
Lets go to the highlights.
Now the game went into half scoreless but in the second half who else but Megan Rapinoe got the U.S.on board scoring easily on a penalty kick then about six minutes later Rose Lavelle scored a beautiful goal to give the U.S.the two to nothing lead.
Lavelle plays for the Washington Spirit in the National Womens Soccer League.
It was her third goal of the World Cup.
The goal also helped the U.S.break a record for most goals by one team in a Womens World Cup with 26 goals.
And from there the party was on.
Megan Rapinoe won the Golden Boot for most goals in the World Cup.
Shes just the second American to ever win the award.
Her teammate Alex Morgan won the Silver Boot for the second most goals.
And youll remember during the tournament Megan Rapinoe sparked some controversy saying she and the team would not visit the White House if they won.
Right now its unclear if theyll even be invited but President Trump did tweet Congratulations to the U.S.Womens Soccer Team on winning the World Cup.
Great and exciting play America is proud of you all.
But he stopped short of saying if theyd be invited to the White House.
Well either way we know the team will be honored with a ticker tape parade in New York City on Wednesday.
One out of two isnt bad ether.
Earlier we told you about the U.S.Womens Team winning the World Cup but the Mens Team wasnt so lucky last night.
They lost one to nothing in the Gold Cup Final in Chicago.
The Gold Cup features teams from North America Central America and the Caribbean.
The game was scoreless until the 73rd minute when Mexicos Jonathan Dos Santos scored to give Mexico the lead.
This is Mexicos eighth Gold Cup Championship.
Great Day Washington will be right back after this.
Announcer WUSA9 wants you to win tickets to the UniverSoul Circus.
Dont miss your chance.
Just text UNIVERSOUL to 65047 right now to win.
Announcer Tuesday.
Lets get this party started!
Announcer The international sensation Love Island is coming to CBS.
So lets meet the ladies.
I definitely keep boys on their toes.
Im Kyra I can be a little bit of a flirt.
Im really excited to be here excited for the men.
Alexandra I am very romantic.
They guys cant ghost me theres nowhere to hide.
Kind of like a real live dating app.
Announcer Love Island with host Arielle Vandenberg.
Series premiere CBS Tuesday 87 Central.
Announcer For a limited time ARS Rescue Rooter will buy back your old inefficient HVAC system when we take up to 1500 off your new heating and cooling system purchase.
Visit ARSofVirginia.com.
Music Call ARS and Rescue Rooter Music Sterling Motorcars is the premiere luxury dealer in the Mid Atlantic.
Offering BMW MINI RollsRoyce Lamborghini and McLaren.
For the best luxury car buying experience come to Sterling Motorcars.
Creating sterling moments one customer at a time.
Announcer Update your floors with Empire Todays 50 room sale.
But one room get floors for all other rooms for just 50 each.
So when you buy one room its only 50 for laminate in the kitchen 50 for carpet in the bedroom and 50 for hardwood in the office.
Theres no limit.
Buy one room and its 50 for floors in each additional room.
Schedule now.
Music Empire Today Music Hi my name is Jeffrey Tate and I have lost 78 pounds in 93 days with Dr.Cory Aplins weight loss program.
I have more energy now than Ive ever had before.
I can go back and wear my old clothing.
I no longer have any hypoglycemic episodes like I once had.
Hi Im Dr.Aplin.
To find out how you can lose up to a pound of fat per day call this number right now for your no obligation consultation.
Is your house less than perfect?
Im Dan from MarketPro Homebuyers and we want to buy your home.
Dont make repairs dont pay commissions.
For a no obligation offer call 3017997355 or visit marketprohomebuyers.com.
Announcer Leaky faucets?
Clogged drains?
Schedule an appointment with ARS Rescue Rooter today.
Well even take 50 off.
ARS Rescue Rooter making it work making it right.
Visit ARSofVirginia.com.
Music Call ARS and Rescue Rooter Music Welcome back we want to update you on whats going on with the weather here this morning because weve had lots of flooding across the region from Frederick to Howard to Montgomery Counties now into D.C.And the heaviest rains are moving south into Southern Prince Georges Charles County eventually Calvert and St.Marys.
I think Virginia west of the Potomac not looking nearly as bad but we still have some rainfall rates in Alexandria and Clinton over to Waldorf here into Northern Charles County.
Some of these rainfall rates are three four five inches per hour.
Thatd be the instantaneous rate but youre able to pick up a quick one to two three inches of rain and thats why weve got the flash flooding and all of these flash flood warnings.
Youll notice once we get to Alexandria north of there its not as bad.
Still some moderate showers across the eastern half of D.C.with the heaviest stuff south of Morningside.
Were gonna take awhile before the water actually recedes.
So the heaviest rains now in Vernon Piscataway Brandywine now down toward Waldorf into Charles County.
Continuing to move to the southeast so our friends in Calvert Charles County get ready.
The Charles and Prince Georges warning the southern Prince Georges that one goes until one oclock this afternoon.
The good news is well weve had some rainfall rates or rainfall actually observed over five inches in the last 12 hours the afternoon looks better.
We will dry out with highs in the low 80s.
Have a great Monday.
Is your house less than perfect?
Im Dan from MarketPro Homebuyers and we want to buy your home.
Dont make repairs dont pay commissions and dont wait another day.
Well get you the cash you need.
No agent fees no closing costs.
Well even help you pack and move for free.
For a no obligation offer call 301799SELL.
Thats 3017997355 or visit marketprohomebuyers.com.
We buy houses as is on your schedule call today.
Weather matters.
Ill have DCs most accurate forecast tonight on WUSA9.
Lola Carmichael L.A.s newest Superior Court judge.
The state of California versus Daphne Reavis.
Did you do what youre accused of?
No.
Were going to trial.
Music You say Im in love Music If Im going to take away that girls freedom Id like to know if shes guilty first.
Music And I believe Music Up on that bench everything is different.
You try that again in a courtroom and I will make sure you have nothing left to serve and protect.
Thanks for coming.
Announcer All Rise coming this fall to CBS.
Okay have fun at your dads.
Okay love you Mom.
Bye.
What do you think?
I like it.
Come no got him!
Yes!
You hungry?
Yeah.
All right.
Bye Dad.
Bye buddy.
How was it?
Dads internet is amazing.
Well you know Moms cookies are also amazing.
Thats what I thought.
Announcer Get up to 1 GIG speeds on the day you move in.
Cox internet starting at 29.99 per month for up to 10 MEGS.
After my car accident I didnt know I could get money for time I missed from work.
I didnt know my case could be settled without going to court.
I didnt know the insurance company would try to pay me as little as possible.
We do know at Saiontz  Kirk we know injury law and we know how to get you the most money possible.
Days nights weekends call Saiontz  Kirk.
When you need a lawyer you have a lawyer.
Call 1800LAWYERS or visit YouHaveALawyer.com if you have a phone you have a lawyer.
I didnt realize how bad my smile was with fillings and root canals.
I had to do something.
I looked at partial bridges.
I looked at dentures.
Out of all the options ClearChoice was the only choice for me.
Announcer At ClearChoice we bring hope to millions who suffer from missing or failing teeth.
With dental implants that look feel and function like strong natural teeth.
All the specialists with all the technology they need all in one spot.
It makes delivering this 21st century world class dentistry very easy to do and we do it in one day.
Ron I can laugh people crack a joke and I smile it was a life changing thing.
Announcer Call today to schedule your free comprehensive consultation and iCAT 3D imaging scan.
Well even talk financing options while youre here.
They not only helped to rebuild my smile but helped me to rebuild my selfconfidence.
They really set me free.
I mean look at this smile.
Announcer At ClearChoice youre about to discover what youve been missing all these years.
Call ClearChoice today.
Announcer The CBS Evening News with Norah ODonnell beginning July 15th.