
Announcer Sales event!
Plus get up to 125 of GDB with Easy Trade.
Limited time savings are here during our Presidents Day sales event.
Music Sheehy.com Music Snow ice and rain on the way!
Delays throughout the day.
News Anchor Good Morning Washington tomorrow!
TV Announcer From Hollywood its Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Tonight!
audience applauding Regina King!
From The Punisher Jon Bernthal!
This week in Unnecessary Censorship and music from Juanes!
And now in all sincerity Jimmy Kimmel!
Hi everybody howre you doing?
Im Jimmy Im the host of the show thank you very much!
Thanks for coming!
Thank you!
Welcome!
Welcome to Hollywood!
I appreciate that!
Hey I have a story so last night after the show I hosted a concert there was a big concert at the Forum.
It was a tribute to the late great Chris Cornell were you there is that why youre yelling okay!
The lineup was incredible it was Chris Stapleton Adam Levine Metallica Miley Cyrus Foo Fighters Audioslave Soundgarden amazing!
And you had fun right Guillermo?
A lot of fun!
Guillermo had a lot of fun.
Guillermo was like hey are you going to that its like yeah yeah come with me to the show and Cleto went and Dicky went Jeff our keyboard player went a few guys.
At one point in the night I think it was twothirds of the way through the show I was on stage and somebody yelled wheres Guillermo?
So I gave Guillermo a shoutout I said Guillermo is here and the whole Forum erupted in tears.
It was crazy it was like it was about the same reaction they gave Brad Pitt and so then audience laughing I go backstage I text Guillermo cause I wanna kind of know what he thought and where were you when you got the text I sent you?
I was at home!
He was at home yeah.
After Metallica he ditched us and got in an Uber and went home.
laughs In fairness Guillermo has to go bed early because hes gotta be at work at 200 p.m.Today is day 27 of the government shutdown which is nuts.
Remember when Trump said hed run the government like a business?
Turns out the business was Radio Shack!
Trump isDesperatelyTrying to pin blame for this shutdown on Democrats he lashed out this morning.
He wrote The left has become totally unhinged.
They no care what right for our country!
Thats right and you see how he spelled hes just as good at spelling country as he is in running it itsMost of Trumps hire is directed at Nancy Pelosi the Speaker of the House.
Yesterday Nancy Pelosi sent the president a letter suggesting he postpone his scheduled State of the Union Address until the shutdown is over.
She will not permit him to give it from the House of Representatives.
So today Trump retaliated with a letter of his own informing Nancy Pelosi that he was canceling her flight to Afghanistan.
Shes going there on a military aircraft and he told her if she wants to go she can fly commercial!
Into a war zone!
And he sent the letter less an hour before she was supposed to leave.
It was the presidential equivalent of you break up with me I break up with you!
And I bet he was so delighted with himself when he came up with this idea.
In fact an official from the White House said he spent the day watching coverage of it and was very pleased this afternoon.
But he may the only one whos pleased because even some of his fellow Republicans said this was a petty thing to do and all the Democrats are mad.
This is from CNN today reporter Phil Mattingly stopped the House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer like this Were really seeingHold on one second Im sorry to interrupt heres the House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer talking about whats going onOkay hold on a second because that is the most threatening microphone I think Ive ever seen in my life!
Gimme your money old man!
Desperate times I guess!
You know if the Democrats cant convince Trump to end this silly shutdown I think I know somebody who can.
Lot of people would try to make sense out of this but the clearest voice Ive heard on the subject so far believe it or not came from Cardi B.
Hey yall I just wanna remind ya because its been a little bit over three weeks okay?
Its been a little bit over three weeks.
Trump is now ordering as his summonse federal government workers to go back to work without getting paid.
Now I dont wanna hear ya bleep talkin about oh but Obama shut down the government for 17 days yeah bitch!
For healthcare!
So your grandma could check her blood pressure and you bitches could go check your bleep at the gynecologist with no mother bleep problem!
Cardi B is right!
Almost 800000 federal employees are not getting paid and every night until its over were hiring a furloughed worker per night.
Last night we brought in a NASA engineer who was out of work and now lets say hello to our new employee tonight please welcome Andrew Rigopoulos!
Andrew come on in here!
Welcome!
Thank you for coming!
Im here!
So I see this!
Tell us what you do specifically.
Im an engine station ranger at Cabrillo National Monument in San DiegoYou are a ranger!
And so you work in we still have national parks correct?
We doThats a good sign yeah?
Well if people over visit em and damage em then we wont have them anymore.
And right now theres nobody working at the park you work atNo we have a crew of rangers that actually watch it to make sure that our resources arent damaged while were thereYou are considered to be a nonessential government employee?
Yeah I stay home and watch a lot of NetflixYeah okay.
audience laughing Well you actually came up usually we come up with the job but you came up with an idea for a job that I like.
Yeah I pitched it to my brother first and he saidWhatre you gonna do for us tonight?
Since parks are important and natures importantYes?
Im gonna take care of our urban landscape and water your plants.
Youre gonna water the plants hereYeahNow we dont have that many plants.
No.
But if you see any water em.
Okay.
Okay thank you very much.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
So Andrew oh Andrew!
I forgot we got you this!
So in case you dont you have one of your own.
Thank youAnd by the way if you see any funny lookin plants just ignore them okay?
Okay.
Thank you very much thats Andrew Rigopoulos!
The president appears to be on a collision course with the law right now his alleged lawyer Rudy Giuliani was back on CNN last night and rudier than ever.
He made a crazy appearance on Chris Cuomos show.
This one if we didnt have this on video it would almost be too much to believe.
The amount of false reporting about this case is despicable!
Mr.Mayor false reportingIts despicableIs saying that nobody in the campaign had any contacts with Russia.
False reporting is saying that there has been no suggestion of any kind of collusion between the campaign and any Russians.
Because now you have Paul Manafort giving poll dataI never saidThat winds up leading to this coincidenceWell you just misstated my position.
I never said there was no collusion between the campaign or between people in the campaignYes you haveI have no idea I have not!
I said the president of the United States.
There is not a single bit of evidence the president of the United States committed the only crime you could commit here conspired with the Russians to hack to DNC.
laughs Wow really!
Of course he never said it.
Nobody in the Trump administration ever said any of the things they say all the time butaudience laughing But there must be another Rudy Giuliani out there whos been going around saying there was no collusion between Russia and the campaign.
Is it still the position of you and your client that there was no collusion with the Russians whatsoever on behalf of the Trump campaign?
Correct.
Correct.
So he did say it.
The surest sign of how deeply screwed up this administration is is that Rudy Giuliani is still allowed to go on TV to speak on their behalf.
audience laughing Go on Rudy!
The president did notWe said nobody hadWith the RussiansAny contact tonsWhatever collusion isOf people are contacted.
Nobody colluded the guy running his campaignHe didnt say nobodyWas working on an issueHe said he didntAt the same time as the convention.
He said he didnt he didnt say nobody.
How would you know that nobody in your campaignHe actually did say that Rudy.
He said nobodyWell I never thatAnd then he said as far as I knowIf he said that he said it in well as far as he knows thats true!
Rudy Giuliani is like a Choose Your Own Adventure!
It just changes!
audience laughing But the truth is it doesnt matter what Rudy Giuliani says hes not the one being investigated yet!
But what matters is did the president say there was no collusion between the Russians and his campaign?
There was no collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian people.
Yeah and at some point Rudys gonna have to deny that Trump is even the president.
But the important thing in Giulianis mind is that Robert Mueller put this thing to rest.
He puts out the report and then we get it and we see what it hasWell letsIve always seen thisLets get it nowIve always seen this as a false argument the idea of hes now showing us what he hasWell lets do itIts not over.
Well lets do it.
But hes gotta finishIts over enough!
Weve answered all thoseWhat does that meanQuestions on collusionOver enough?
How much longer are you gonna let him do thisHe just put out that your campaign chairman was playing with the Russians!
But we dont that isnt what we dont need a special council to investigate a campaign chairman.
Oh boy poor Rudy!
Someday hes gonna be in a mental facility telling the nurses that he used to be the mayor or New York and theyll be like uhhuh!
audience laughing In the mean time audience applauding while thats goin on there we have new details about Trumps former lawyerfriend Micheal Cohen.
According to the Wall Street Journal and according to Cohen himself in a lead up to Trumps run for president Cohen hired a company to rig online polls in his favor.
You know these polls that you go on and click which thing you want?
But Cohen says the president directed him to juice two polls a CNBC poll of Americas top business leaders and a Drudge Report poll of Republican candidates for president.
Even those didnt work out.
Not only did he not win either of the polls I think he didnt even crack the top 100 in the CNBC one.
The guy Cohen hired to do this according to The Journal showed up at Trump Tower looking for 50000 he was owed and when he did the report says Cohen gave him a Walmart bag with 12 to 13000 in cash and a boxing glove he claimed had been worn by a Brazilian MMA fighter as payment.
Its like a scene out of the worlds dumbest heist movie its Oceans Chapter 11.
And so the goon Cohen hired is an IT guy hes got a company his name is John Gauger.
Theres not much about him online but this audition tape he made trying to get on Survivor in 2005 kind of tells you all you need to know.
In my line of business I deal with people from around the globe on a daily basis.
This has given the uncanny ability to make anybody like me.
This will allow me to be the most loved Survivor contestant of all times and maybe the most hated too.
Only the best people you know?
Literally everyone around Trump is a character from a reality show and that is not even the best part of the story.
So Cohen also asked the guy while he was doin this to set up a Twitter account called Women for Cohen.
This is a real account was created back in 2016 its for quote Women who love and support Michael Cohen.
Strong pit bull sex symbol no nonsense.
Basically Cohen asked this guy help me rig the election.
Hey while youre at it could you make people think girls like me too?
audience laughing Because I loved this I clicked to see who was following this account and some of the women for Cohen are named John Ted Elvis Theodore Kevin and Sonny.
We also have Steve Douglas Aaron Casillas Chris and Bill.
And these are some of the things they tweeted.
Put that up on the screen.
Snazzy looking  ready to MAGA.
audience laughing Best looking men award goes to heart and emoji we love you guys!
This has gotta be the saddest thing I ever heard of in my whole life.
Were like a wee away from finding out Michael Cohen had a burner phone he used to send dirty texts to himself!
audience laughing I may have underestimated Michael cause he might be a lot more hilarious than I ever imagined!
Hey by the way I dont know if you heard about this but YouTube is you familiar with YouTube?
Yeah okay YouTube is cracking down on fun.
YouTube announced that theyre banning dangerous pranks and challenges from their platform.
They posted this.
Dangerous Challenges and Pranks Enforcement Update.
Hi everybody YouTube is home to many beloved viral challenges and pranks like Jimmy Kimmels Terrible Christmas Presents prank thank you or the water bottle flip challenge.
That said weve always had policies to make sure whats funny doesnt cross the line into being harmful or dangerous.
Our community guidelines prohibit content blah blah blah dangerous activities all this kind of stuff.
Basically YouTube has just banned YouTube videos.
And audience laughing I have to say someone that loves a good prank and likes to do them I think its sad that a few bad apples had to ruin the fun of eating poisonous detergent packets for everyone but audience laughing the bigger question is how do you know before you do something what qualifies as dangerous and what doesnt?
I mean weve done some stuff that could potentially go in a dangerous direction.
So anyway YouTube happens to have an office right next door to us so we called over there and I went over to their office to run some ideas by their content standards executive.
Hi thereHi!
How are ya?
Good how are you?
Thanks for having me.
Of courseAppreciate it.
So I was reading about these new rules that you guys haveYes.
With the YouTube challenges.
And Im a little bit concerned about it because we do a lot of that kind of stuff on the show.
Well I mean we trust what you do thats a different situationWell thats great news.
So I can do anything?
Well I wouldnt say anything but I thinkOkay well let meI think usuallyLet me run some things by you and you can just tell me because there are things were working on and I dont wanna get into it and you know.
Okay the I bet you cant eat all the knives challenge.
audience laughing Well no I would say not that one.
Really thats a no?
Not that one.
The setting my brother on fire challenge.
audience laughing That sounds dangerous no.
Dad I boiled the toaster challenge.
NoWhile its plugged in.
Nno.
The ghost pepper up the butt challenge?
audience laughing Nope!
The blindfolded crossbow challenge.
No.
The jump the zoo fence challenge people jump over the fence at the zoo and get in with the animalsNot that noAll right asbestos to baby powder challenge?
Definitely no.
Lets make friends on Craigslist challenge.
audience laughing That ones okay?
All right can I borrow your pencil for a second?
Thank you very muchWell we would need to it couldnt just beOkay there you go!
Seat belts are for snowflakes challenge.
Uh no!
audience laughing Drunk unicycle challenge.
No.
I believe I can actually fly challenge is where somebody would go out on a building or out a window whatever and R.Kelly style but not that R.Kelly style the other R.Kelly style.
No on every level noThe boiling water bucket challenge this would be for charity.
Like the ice bucket challenge but hotter.
No.
Borrow cops gun challenge?
Nope.
Grandmas been missing for eight weeks challenge.
No.
What if we wanna find her?
Were helping to find her?
Hey I feel like were starting upWhat if shes in the trunk of a car?
Thats a pretty dark placeOne more I framed my mom for drug trafficking challenge.
audience laughing You know what Im gonna take this.
This is bull bleep We like the other stuff!
Oh cap.
audience laughing Now maybe Ill start my own YouTube.
MeTube!
We have a great show for you tonight!
We have music from Juanes Jon Bernthal is here and well be right back with Regina King!
TV Announcer ABCs Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Brought to you by TMobile!
Music La la la Music Music La la la Music Music La la la Music Music La la la Music Music La la la Music Music La la la la Music Music La la la la la Music Music La la la la la Music Music La la la Music Music Drive house Music Music Go back to wasting days Music TV Announcer TMobile will do the math for you.
Right now when you join TMobile you get two lines of unlimited with two of the latest phones included for just 100 bucks a month!
phone jingle TV Announcer On March 1 Madeas time comes to an end.
Oh hell now!
Im a real thug Im a old GMADEA.
TV Announcer From Tyler Perry!
Your daddys dead and Ill be coordinating the funeral.
That funerals gonna be messed up!
TV Announcer Get ready!
What the hell is you doin?
I never thought Id die like this.
I thought Id die in a strip club.
TV Announcer For a funeral thats to die for!
woman wailing And look at him lying there dead didnt need no poll we still alive.
Bacon aint never hurt nobody!
TV Announcer A Madea Family Funeral.
Rated PG13.
In theaters March 1.
TV Announcer Tom and Tina will watch their son take his first steps on the living room floor of their dream home.
But first a few things must happen.
To start they must grow tired of their living situation.
So Tom will improve his credit.
Tina will negotiate a pay raise.
Theyll bag lunch shop generic limit their dumb purchases then use Credit Karma to budget for a house.
Then six hours into moving theyll christen their home in the downstairs den next to a photo of Tinas father Jerry.
Several months later with the help of Credit Karma well heres to progress.
TV Announcer Ashley HomeStores Presidents Day mattress sale is in its final week.
Save up to 500 on select Serta iComfort adjustable mattress sets or get 0 interest for eight years starting at just 25 a month.
Only at Ashley HomeStore.
TV Announcer Only Tylenol Rapid Release Gels have laser drilled holes.
They release medicine fast for fast pain relief.
Tylenol.
Music Turn on the lights Music Music We shall write in the dark Music Almost time for me to go.
Well what if IDrove me home?
What if we lost track of time?
What if we took a leap of faith?
What if youMissed my flight next week?
Music Come down from the mountain Music TV Announcer The only RAV4.
Music You have been strong Music Toyota.
Lets go places.
TV Announcer Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper perform together live on the Oscars ABC Sunday.
TV Announcer Youve gotta get to Checkers and Rallys.
Four items for just four bucks?
Nobody can beat that!
Get a Checker burger a spicy chicken sandwich or a crispy fish sandwich.
Fries pie and a drink for four bucks!
The four for four deal!
Checkers and Rallys.
Fast foodies know the deal.
This is a commercial about buying cars.
Thats a car this is a phone and this is DriveTime!
Cool.
Need to get a car with your tax refund?
OMG do I but wait!
Where is the all the sexy shots of cars driving on city streets with no traffic?
We dont need em!
99 of people who apply get approved!
It takes two minutes and you can do it from anywhere.
All you need is your phone.
Whaaat?
Yeeep!
Down payments with DriveTime are 1000 less on average so that tax refund can go a lot further.
Holy Moly that is a low down payment.
Go to drivetime.com and see how much car you can get with your refund in two minutes.
DriveTime.
Genius!
TV Announcer Get ready to crave Checkers and Rallys because Texas toast garlic bread covered in crispy onions and sweet smoky barbeque sauce.
Youve just won at eating for only 2.99.
New Texas toast garlic bread doubles.
Checkers and Rallys.
Fast foodies know the deal.
Hi.
And tonight you know him from Marvels The Punisher on Netflix.
The Punisher Jon Bernthal is is here with us tonight.
This is a song its called LaPlata Juanes from the MercedesBenz Stadium.
Next week we have new shows.
Chris Pine will be here Nathan Fillion Dr.Phil from Game of Thrones Lena Headey comedian Kellen Erskine will be here well have music from Black and Flipton here and on Monday its a big lead day for America on Monday itll be two years since our president took office and we will salute and pay tribute to this great man with a starstudded mac extravaganza.
Its Jimmy Kimmel Live intermission accomplished a halftime tribute to Trump and youre all invited that I can tell you.
Thats Monday night.
audience applauding and cheering Our first guest tonight is a very talented actress with three Emmys and a shiny new Golden Globe and Critics Choice Award to prove it If Beale Street Could Talk its her movie its in theaters now please welcome Regina King!
Congratulations on so many awards.
You are a fantastic actress.
Thank youTheres no doubt about that and I will tell YouEvery time I see you on something my wife and I we have a conversation about what a great actress you are.
Oh thank you!
How many awards have you won for this movie so far?
Do you have any idea what the number is cause I have a list.
Do you really?
Yes I do.
This is the listOh my goodnessIts a long list Golden Globes Critics Choice I mentioned Austin Film Critics Boston Online Film Critics Association Boston Society of Film Critics.
Its a lot.
Indiana Iowa Las Vegas Oklahoma The Online Film Critics Society.
audience cheering Every city you can imagine the Satellite Awards do you even know about some of these?
No!
No.
No I mean I know about them when they happen but this whole award season thing its been quite its been an education I haveIn what way has it been an education?
Because well first of all I didnt realize there were so many different film critics circle association reviews and all of that.
Right.
Had no idea kind of just thought the film critics theyre the critics theyre the crew theyre all togetherTheyre one mass.
Yeah!
Yes.
But I meanNo.
So Im like the Rancho Cucamonga film critics review is gonna happen.
Every so often I get a call from my team and Im just tickled and amazed because I dont know about some of them but Im like thank you!
I know at this point you probably have to give some of them away to neighbors or something right?
Nooooo!
Because youreTheyre mine!
audience laughing My nameYoure gonna keep all of themAnd Im gonna keep them all!
Even the Oklahoma Film Critics Circle?
Even because that one is Oklahoma?
Thats the one yeah!
laughs Never wouldve saw that one coming!
Are there enough film critics in Oklahoma to form a circle?
audience applauding Im sure there are about eight.
Theyre are probablyYeah at least.
Well congratulations either way.
Thank you.
Do you run out of speeches?
Do you run out of things to say?
I hope not because I hope to be able to continue to do work that receives accolades but I just say a prayer and just make please just dont let me slub or say something sillyDo you plan it out beforehand do you write something down before you goI dont I feel like thats jinxin the whole thing.
Interesting I think thats true yes.
Yeah becauseCause theres nothin more embarrassing then gettin home that nightAnd look at that paper and youre go like yeahAnd you go like oh.
Yeah its preparing for failure.
Yeah and the only thing about that is theres always someone that you forget.
Yes right you have to remember everyones name or elseOr you get names wrong.
Oh have you done that?
I did.
Do you think you need to thank anyone whos name you dont know how to pronounce?
I say call them by their first name.
I say thatJust cause usually the last names are the doozies.
But I say just the first name.
Thats very but most people dont have this problem.
They call them champaign problems right?
Yeah thats right.
Okay.
By the way happy birthday I know it was your birthday on Tuesday I sawThank you!
Did they give you awards for that too or did you get gifts or what did you do for your birthdayI did I did!
I got a lotta liquor!
You did?
Yeah I dont know what that says about me butPeople give you bottles?
Yes.
Yeah interesting.
Nice bottles.
And then when they give to you do you open it up right away and enjoy?
No I take my timeYou take your time.
I like to open them up with people.
Did you have a party or anything?
I did not have a party I had a party of one at the spa for about four hours.
It was so sweet because my masseuse she was walking me and she goes I know Im not supposed to say this but Im just so happy for you!
Oh really?
And it was just so the amount of love that Im getting from peopleWell you thank your masseuse at the Oscars!
Do you remember her first name?
No!
Jimmy laughs I wanna thank Miranda for the deep tissue.
Yes yes!
audience laughing You really got up in those shoulders!
You might run out of people to thank with all these awards its crazy!
I dont think Ill run out of people to thankWho were you excited to meet at the Golden Globes?
Is there anyone you had not met or are these the same people every single time?
Okay heres the thing.
This whole award season thing youre seeing a lot of the same people and then you also see people that youre a huge fan of and I normally dont up to people and ask to take pictures just because I feel like if theyre not very nice people then theyve just destroyed whats in my headTheyll ruin it for youSo I decided to go against everything that I know when I saw Sam Elliott.
Sam Elliott yeah!
Oh you love Sam Elliott!
Can you tell?
Yeah Sam Elliotts a real sex symbol kind of an under the radar sex symbol.
Oh my God I love that man!
Did you tell him that?
I did!
Was he delighted?
I did he was just so charming and so wonderful and even better than I had hoped that he would be in the moment and the mustache is real!
Oh yeah!
Its just like its perfect!
And I just said I love Roadhouse!
Thats the one huh?
My sister and I used to watch Roadhouse oh my God!
How old were you?
I dont know way too young toTo be watching Roadhouse.
To have the thoughts that I had about Sam ElliottOh wow!
ButSo it looks like Sam won a little somethin too then.
When we come back were gonna see a clip from your movie.
The movie is called If Beale Street Could Talk it is in theaters now Regina King is with us!
audience applauding Well be right back!
So cuteBest buds.
Wait whos lured out there in the background?
Did youBoca my child?
Thats totally unintentionalWhy do you hate Jacob?
What?
No look I can unBoca see?
Boca unBoca.
Wow.
What kind of person Bocas a child.
I would never Boca your child.
Just so you know.
TV Announcer Ashley Homestores Presidents Day mattress sale is in its final week!
Save up to 500 on select Serta iComfort adjustable mattress sets!
Or get 0 interest for eight years starting at just 25 a month only at Ashley HomeStore.
I had a few good tricks to help hide my bladder leak pad.
Like the old tunic tuck.
But Always Discreet is less bulky and it really protects cause it turns liquid to gel.
So I have nothing to hide.
Always Discreet.
Music Havana oooh mama Music Music Half of my my heart is Music TV Announcer The verdict is in.
Audiences are giving Fighting with my Family an A.I love that say something else.
TV Announcer And Americas top critics agree!
Calling it the first truly great movie of 2019.
Ding ding ding bingo guys!
Thats a big play to yes!
TV Announcer Fighting with my Family.
Rated PG13.
TV Announcer Chilis three for 10 presents our signature sirloin steak.
Aged to perfection and served with a starter and drink for just 10.
Out with the cousins and aunt Nancy who is politely described as a free spirit!
Together we Chilis.
Youre going to Hollywood!
Pain wants to stop you.
Block you.
Like thats gonna happen.
Icy Hot.
Icy to dull hot to relax.
Rise from pain.
swishing Icy Hot.
I just checked my credit.
Checkin hurts it you know.
A lot of people say that checking your credit can hurt it.
Thats like believing that it takes me seven years to digest.
Its just not true.
Adios!
Oooohhhh!
TV Announcer Check your credit for free now at Credit Karma.
Heres to progress.
A pain cream!
Honey you smell just like my Walter used to.
TV Announcer Dont smell like Walter!
Aspercreme is odorfree.
For maximum pain relief without that Walter smell.
Aspercreme!
No pain no odor.
As a fitness junkie I customize everything.
Bike wheels saddle thats why I switched to Liberty Mutual.
They customize my insurance so I only pay for what I need.
I insured my car and my bike.
My calves are custom too but I cant insure those.
Which is a crying shame.
TV Announcer Only pay for what you need.
Music Liberty liberty liberty Music Music Liberty Music I had this chest cold but my medicine kept wearing off.
coughing Ahh!
I missed you!
Then I discovered Mucinex.
One pill lasts 12 hours and Im good.
TV Announcer Mucinex releases fast and lasts 12 hours not four.
Lets end this.
TV Announcer Zero to 60 and everything inbetween.
A vibrant collection of cultures and activities await in greater Fort Lauderdale.
Start planning at sunny.orgletsgo.
Does your customers connecting to the WiFi ever slow down your business?
Yes it does slow things down.
Aggravating.
Its a nightmare.
So our gig speed network is fast and we go beyond fast by making it easy to create separate networks for your business and your customers and even control how much bandwidth each of those get.
So your business wont miss a beat.
This is a big game changer.
This is the new wave and whoever doesnt get on I think they would be left behind.
TV Announcer WiFi Pro runs on the gate speed network.
Page is 49.95 a month for fast internet and get a 300 prepaid card.
Comcast Business.
Beyond fast.
Remember the way we used to do things?
Hey man!
Like connect with friends.
Dig it.
Or get in shape.
Or sell a house and pay a real estate agent a big commission.
At Redfin we charge you a 1 listing fee.
And because redfin.com is Americas number one brokerage site our agents get more eyes on your home.
So you sell for thousands more than the one next door.
Dont get stuck in the past.
Sell with a Redfin agent.
TV Announcer New experiences.
Always on the menu.
A vibrant collection of cultures and activities await in greater Fort Lauderdale.
Start planning at sunny.orgletsgo.
TV Announcer Americas million dollar bed bug lawyer.
Thursday at 1100 p.m.A child is comin?
Hes your grandchild.
I dont understand you its your grandchild.
What difference does it make how he gets here?
The child aint got nothin to do with that.
Aint non of us got nothin to do with that!
That is Regina King in audience applauding If Beale Street could talk and its in theaters now.
This is a movie directed and written by Barry JenkinsYes.
Who did Moonlight and obviously won the Academy Award for that.
When youre playing a mom in the 70s do you get excited about the hairstyle cause there are manyThere are manyWays you could go with that.
Theres a lot of ways to go.
I do and its so interesting because theres a whole story and I hope I can get it all in.
I wanted like an AfroThats what I would have too.
And Barrys like Yeah no.
Oh really?
Yeah yeah!
Why no?
And was like but you know Im no longer doing anything like pressing my hair out.
Ive got an Afro Barry that the world wants to see.
But he was like I appreciate that but no.
No AfroAnd so he really started sending pictures of women that he felt visually Sharon is the role that I play would be and I got it.
It made sense and him sharing that just turned into it made me understand the characterIt started with the hair and thenIt started with the hair.
Yeah thats something else.
Worked our way on down.
I wanna ask you about something you probably cant talk about at all which is Watchmen on HBO.
This is a show loosely based and we dont really know exactlyExactly what its based onWhat it is but you did The Leftovers with Damon LindelofYesAnd thats a fantastic show and Damon is now running this show and writing this show are you the only person from The Leftovers that he took with him to Watchmen?
WellYeah!
Yes.
What can you tell us about what youre up to on that show?
Anything?
Can you tell us which character you play?
I can tell you that Im a woman.
Okay?
And that I am maybe somewhat of a badass?
Okay.
And I may have some scenes with some really awesome actors.
Thats it huh?
Can you tell us anything about the story and in what era it will take place?
Sorry this is real nerd stuff and I need to get to the bottom of it.
No cause the fans are real.
If I just say the wrong bit of anythingThats what Im hopingThey will crackYoure gonna doThe code and yeahYoure trying to bait meYeahNot gonna happenNo?
No!
Jimmy laughs Its not gonna happen not on my watch!
Nicely done.
Regina King If Beale Street Could Talk is in theaters now.
Jon Bernthal is here well be right back.
Music Que sera sera Music Music Whatever will be will be Music Music The futures not ours to see Music Music Que sera sera Music Music What will be will be Music Music Que sera sera Music Music Whatever will be will be Music Music Que sera sera Music Son legends tell of a hidden world.
Home of the dragon.
Its your destiny to protect it.
Its you and me bud always!
TV Announcer Rated PG.
TV Announcer The only thing better than this bourbon are the friends you share it with.
Jim Beam Black.
Why I shop Marshalls?
Because.
Their prices will tell you.
The brands will surprise you.
And every trip feels like an instant victory.
Woman Marshalls.
Never boring.
Always surprising.
I am totally blind.
And Non24 can me show up too early or too late or make me feel like Im not really there.
Talk to your doctor and call 8442342424.
When I became mice worry monster wed stay up all night worrying.
But now hes healthy drinks Pom and doesnt worry about anything anymore.
Watch.
Karens got the password to your phone Mike.
She knows Mike.
Nothing.
I hear it in the back and shes watchin it too.
SayingWhat?
And this whatMan Ill see you next week.
Woman Ive never seen that before.
birds chirping Wow!
Thats an aggressive yellow!
Pretty great huh?
If youre a banana.
I find it very appealing.
TV Announcer Kelloggs Raisin Bran with bananas!
Two scoops meet real banana slices.
Man Done a good job raisin ya.
TV Announcer This is the Averys.
This is the Averys trying the hottest new bistro.
Wait and the hottest taqueria?
And the hottest what are those?
Oh pierogis!
drumbeat And this is the Averys wondering if eating out is eating in to saving for their first home.
This is JC.
Welcome to Wells Fargo how may I help?
TV Announcer Whos here to help the free financial health conversation.
No strings attached.
This is the Averys with the support they needed to get back on track.
Well done guys!
This is Wells Fargo.
TV Announcer Before discovering Nexium 24hour to treat his frequent heartburn Steven could only imagine enjoying a spicy taco.
Now his world explodes with flavor.
Nexium 24hour stops acid before it starts for all day all night protection.
Can you imagine 24 hours without heartburn?
How do we tell people they get the best of both worlds with Sprint?
How about we get twosport legend Bo Jackson?
Whats up?
Oh.
Guys you dont need me!
Just tell people they get a great network and a great price with Sprint.
Yes!
You can get an unlimited plan and an iconic phone for just 25 a month.
On an LTE advance network thats up to two times faster than before.
Bo does know.
TV Announcer Switch to Sprint and get an unlimited plan with the Samsung Galaxy S9 lease and Hulu included for just 25 a month no tradein required.
Agents days of rivalry are over.
We are working together.
As a team.
Led by me.
Led by me.
My charm is like a virus and before you know it boom youre infected!
Heart pass!
Man You and I are going to be attached.
Seriously?
Im holding a gun.
Ground rules I dont do PDA.
You gotta hold my hand.
Not unless you want me to break it.
TV Announcer Whiskey Cavalier.
Special sneak preview after the Oscars.
Series premieres February 27th on ABC.
TV Announcer See.
Feel.
Climb.
First out last in.
Look around corners.
Look in crannies.
Go down dark alleys.
Lose yourself.
Catch a lift.
Push boundaries.
Go walkabout.
Get set.
Go off to the goosebumps.
Never stop discovering.
The Land Rover Discovery and Discovery Sport.
The only adventure sales event is happening now.
Land Rover.
Above and beyond.
TV Announcer Get ready to crave Checkers and Rallys.
Because Texas toast garlic bread.
Four of the greatest words ever.
Put that toast on two juicy patties with all the fixins for a classic double.
Or cover it with crispy onions dripping with sweet smoky barbeque then drop the garlicky buttery mic.
Because you just won at eating for only 2.99.
New Texas toast garlic bread double.
Checkers and Rallys.
Fast foodies know the deal.
Welcome back with Jon Bernthal and music from Juanes is coming but first before we forge ahead its Thursday night which means its time to bleep and blur the big TV moments of the week.
It is this week in Unnecessary Censorship.
Britains Prime Minister Theresa May bleep the biggest bleep in our generation last night.
My wife and I were sort of looking forward to a bit of respite and I didnt wanna stick my bleep into that meat grinder.
Adding to the circumstances he keeps bleep with Putin he bleep the interpreters bleepWho?
He wont talk tobleep Putin twiceThe president no hes bleep several timesDoes anybody here not bleep their children?
Wow thats a lot of people.
Not one?
Remember two things.
Number one please bleep my bleep.
Number two Im probably bleep.
I was the last one bleep them today and now I am the first one that bleep them tonight.
So it felt really good.
So I went down to the ground and bleep my dog.
Carolyn that is not true.
Dont interrupt.
I remember my first time babysitting.
A fouryear old locked me in the bathroom and the fire department had to come.
mild laughing My first time the bleep so far up his bleep he wound up in the ER.
Well hey hey hey!
audience laughing and applauding Come on lets go!
A little farther!
Lets go lets go!
screams Well be right back with Jon Bernthal!
TV Announcer You could take the treatment of your ulcerative colitis in a a different direction.
Talk to your doctor about Xeljanz.
A pill not an injection or infusion.
For adults with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis Xeljanz is the first and only FDA approved pill for moderate to severe UC.
It can reduce symptoms in as early as two weeks.
Improve the appearance of the intestinal lining and provide lasting steroidfree remission.
Xeljanz can lower your ability to fight infections including tuberculosis.
Serious sometimes fatal infections and cancers including lymphoma have happened as have tears in the stomach or intestines.
Serious allergic reactions low blood cell counts higher liver tests and cholesterol levels.
Dont start Xeljanz if you have an infection.
Your doctor should perform blood tests before and while taking Xeljanz and monitor certain liver tests.
Tell your doctor if youre been somewhere fungal infections are common and if youve had TB hepatitis B or C or are prone to infections.
You could take your UC treatment in a different direction.
Ask your gastroenterologist about Xeljanz.
TV Announcer You havent seen the sun in like forever so you search for a beach vacation.
Sunny beaches sandy beaches big beaches small beaches until youre lost searching for surfing dogs.
Then you find VRBO and they search millions of homes to find you the perfect beach house where you all find your own rooms and a grill bigger than your kitchen back home.
And finding out about the girl he likes at school warms your heart even more than the sun.
From beach houses to cabins to condos.
Find vacation homes that match you with VRBO.
Sometimes the best time is time you make for yourself.
Aveeno daily moisturizing lotion improves skin hydration in just one day.
And for twice the moisture try the body wash too.
Aveeno naturally beautiful results.
TV Announcer This is 30 calories.
This is 30 calories.
This is not going to cut it.
This will.
V8.
V is for vegetables.
clinking Drink some.
Music Turn on the lights Music Music We shall write in the dark Music TV Announcer Tom and Tina will watch their son take his first steps on the living room floor of their dream home.
But first a few things must happen.
To start they must grow tired of their living situation.
So Tom will improve his credit.
Tina will negotiate a pay raise.
Theyll bag lunch shop generic limit their dumb purchases then use Credit Karma to budget for a house.
And six hours into moving theyll christen their home in the downstairs next to a photo of Tinas father Jerry.
Several months later with the help of Credit Karma well heres to progress.
TV Announcer Clean up your familys trash talk.
With the Glad advanced protection kitchen bag.
Its Glads strongest intense music toughest most leakresistant bag.
Be happy its Glad.
TV Announcer From the start the CClass was ahead of its time.
Still we never stopped making it stronger faster smarter.
Because to be the best is to never ever stop making it better.
The new 2019 CClass family.
Lease the 300 Sport Sedan for 429 a month at your local Mercedes Benz dealer.
Mercedes Benz.
The best or nothing.
TV Announcer Now you can make any morning of the week feel like the weekend.
harmonica music With Jimmy Dean Simple Scrambles!
Made fresh with two real eggs sausage and cheese.
And ready in seconds!
Man Why dont you put a Sunday mornin shine on tomorrow mornings breakfast?
TV Announcer Whiskey Cavalier.
Special sneak preview after the Oscars.
Series premier February 27th on ABC.
This is a commercial about buying cars.
Thats a car this is a phone and this is DriveTime.
Do you need a car?
Yes!
But I dont have a lot of money.
Oh great go online and check out DriveTime and save that money!
Their down payments are 1000 less on average.
This is a car commercial.
Will there be a phony focus group?
Nope!
Just valuable information.
99 of people who apply get approved even if their credit is uh!
You can do it in two minutes from anywhere.
All you need is your phone.
I have a phone.
Everybody does!
Yeah Im done.
I got approved!
Go to drivetime.com and get approved in two minutes.
DriveTime.
Genius!
Ready Freddy?
Lets do it!
TV Announcer Its Queen and Adam Lambert.
Music Do the Fandango Music TV Announcer Hosting the Oscars!
Music Thunderbolt and lightning Music Music Very very frightening Music TV Announcer Live!
Got to make an impression darling!
TV Announcer Only on the Oscars.
Live Sunday 800 p.m.Eastern 500 p.m.Pacific on ABC!
Those are fake!
Never mind still to come music from Juanes.
So you know our next guest as zombie killer turned zombie on the Walking Dead now he is super vigilante Frank Castle in Marvels The Punisher Season 2 is available now on Netflix please say hello to Jon Bernthal!
Howre you doin?
Everything all right?
Im good man.
Family is good?
Aah the family is so good!
I know you live here in L.A.Did you bring the whole family to New York when you were shooting The Punisher?
No I bring I guess I bring my dog family.
I dont bring the humans stay home.
I seeYeah the dogsThe humans stay homeThe babies stay home man but the dogs definitely come.
We hightail it across the country.
We cant put em on planes so we drive.
Oh you do?
We doIs that fun?
You know its a mixed bag.
I drive with my old manOh really?
I do I do which is look.
My old man is the greatest dad on earth.
I love my dad with all my heart.
And what right on!
And you know for a 70year old guy to just pick up and drive crosscountry with three pitbulls thats somethin man.
But Ill tell you there are specific rules and regulations for driving crosscountry with my old man.
Oh he has rules!
Oh yeah!
Well first of all youre not gonna do any driving which is great right?
He drives the whole timeHe drives the whole time.
You aint touchin the wheel right?
Which is cool because its like havin a personal driver right?
But Im gonna tell you right now.
Jimmy if you even think about turning on that radio I know it doesnt matter whether its music it doesnt matter whether its news you will get smacked with this man hand!
My old mans got those thick hairy just one you touch that dial bam!
You know what I mean?
And thats just a day ruiner right there.
Well why doesnt heHes just hes gotHe wants silence in the car?
Hes just very specific.
Look when you stop for gas that is your time to go to the bathroom its time for the dogs to go to the bathroom thats where youre gettin your food and your coffee.
If you think about like a Starbucks not gonna happen.
All of a sudden youre Hollywood man!
Like oh mister selfserve Hollywood needs a Starbucks!
Jimmy laughs You just get ripped apart and its not like Im gettin a Caramel Macchiato man I want a black coffee and hes just like hes not happeningAre you allowed to talk to to him in the car?
Yes you are I guess and thats the thing.
Like I always think were gonna have these deep kind of fatherson bonding moments and we start to sometime the thing is that he is constantly screaming at every one else on the road.
Like hes in a huge rut and we say things I definitely cant say here but like hes just driving with hatred!
The entire way across the country and its likeIt just kinda interrupts the moment!
Yeah sure yeah!
Does your dad think hes a good road trip partner?
I think he would probably consider himself the best in the business.
Jimmy laughing I think like and look the truth is look he drives fast as hell he knows how to goHow many days from L.A.to New York?
He goes straight man that man does not stop.
ReallyYou do not stop that manSo you do it in like two and a half days?
My man my man thats it.
Wow wow maybe you should get him a job with Uber or something you know?
Oh boy oh boyIt seems like he would be the ideal driverYeah just dont touch the radio.
So The Punisher is a rare for those who dont follow I know all this stuff and its all worthless information but the rare Marvel character who doesnt really have powers necessarily do you feel cheated in any way about that?
Look I love Frank Castle.
Hes a character that has resonated deeply with the military community and the law enforcement community and its been an honor to play him.
I wouldnt have it any other way.
Do you love those days that you get to beat people up on set?
Is that fun?
You know man two things that Ive sworn to myself that I will never doWhat are they?
Come on a show like this and talk about not Im here but talk aboutNot that partNo not that part!
Come on a show like this that oneCome on a show like this and talk about how I do my own stunts or how I get injured doing stunts.
But Im gonna do both of those thingsOkay yeah go aheadHeres the thing.
I like to do all my own stunts I like to do the fighting myself I think its important for the audience to see Frank Castle in those moments and I did I broke my hand pretty bad in the first fight scene of the season this yearOh great.
Yeah and I knew exactly when it happened it was a threeday fight scene and it was the first day and I hit somebody and I knew Im a boxer I knew immediately it was broken.
But me being the orangutan I am I didnt say anything to anyone cause I didnt wanna get pulled.
I wanted to stay in the fight.
And so the very next thing I had to do with a broken hand was my name Jordan Scott a stunt performer he had to take my hand and I had a knife and he had to bash my broken hand into a table and Im The Punisher man it cant just be two hits hes gotta like bash the hell out of my hand on the table.
And so I go to the stunt coordinator Eric Linden.
I said hey man is there anyway we can switch it to the left hand?
He goes Whatre you doin man?
Stay on script no the cameras over there like do it man up!
All right mabam mabam mabam!
Now I got torn ligaments in my hand right?
So the next thing I gotta do is I gotta kick this guys leg out and he falls down and I gotta catch him right in my poor hand and I say to him again hey man is there just any chance we could just move this to the left hand?
And a perfect opportunity to just say hey man my hands injuredRightI didnt say it and so I said all right this is gonna suck here we go!
And like my hand and then now Ive dislocated my hand!
And the very last thing that we had to do in the scene on day three is these guys are shooting at me with automatic weapons and I throw a bar stool at them.
I dont know I didnt write it but that what we got right?
And so I go I gottaSit on this now!
I go to grab this bar stool and I just freeze cause I know with this mangled mess of a hand Im not gonna be able to throw the stool.
Stunt coordinator comes over again Come on man man up and throw the damn stool what is the matter with you?
Oh God all right here we goYoure not being treated well on the setNo no no hes the best I shouldve said something.
And the thing is the directors and the producers theyre all watching the scene in Video Village looking this way and they dont see when I grab it with my left hand Im supposed to throw that thing at a mat but instead I just chucked that thing and all of a sudden you hear this exclaiming loudly and it hit that stunt coordinator right in the leg!
audience laughing And thats somethink you go to the hospital with!
Again!
Hes gotta man up!
Went to the hospital!
One non Punisher related question for youWhat do you gotI read on Monday and this is very exciting.
David Chase is going to do a movie a prequel to The Sopranos and I read that you are going to be in it.
Will you be in this film?
audience laughing You do know what Im talking about?
Youve seen the article?
Youre nodding yes does that mean yes I am gonna be in this film?
It does mean yes right there!
Well if you break anything on that set please tell David Chase or something like that.
I give you my word.
I think your father made you silent about things that you shouldnt be.
Yeah yeah yeah.
Well its great to see you.
Jon Bernthal everybody Season 2 of The Punisher streaming now on Netflix.
Be right back with Juanes!
TV Announcer The Jimmy Kimmel Live Concert Series is presented by Mercedes Benz!
The best or nothing.
TV Announcer All this week wake up with Oscar!
Hello Oscar dont you look smashing this morning.
Male Announcer Because the final countdown is one and no one does Oscar like GMA!
The stars parties!
The exclusives!
I think we just found a new GMA coanchor.
TV Announcer This week!
It hasnt always been easy has it?
There have been days when you doubted yourself.
And days when you were ready to quit.
But you didnt!
Because you had the courage to venture into something powerful.
Education!
If I leave you with just three words of advice never stop growing.
TV Announcer Its time to go!
Toyota.
Go connected with a sporty Camry.
With the latest tech.
Compatible with your favorite apps and WiFi.
Now lease a Camry for 219 a month.
Or buy with 1500 cash back.
Or go with a stylish Corolla and lease for just 199 a month.
Or buy with 1500 cash back and two years of nocost maintenance included.
Go see your Toyota dealer today.
Toyota!
Lets go places!
TV Announcer Day to night and everything inbetween.
A vibrant collection of cultures and activities await!
In greater Fort Lauderdale.
Start planning at sunny.orgletsgo.
TV Announcer The Jimmy Kimmel Live Concert Series is presented by Mercedes Benz.
The best or nothing.
Now I wanna thank Regina King Jon Bernthal apologies to Matt Damon Nightline is next but first this song is called LaPlata.
Here is Juanes!
Music singing in foreign language Music Yeehaw!