
Narrator Live life comfortably.
Narrator Lara Logan investigates the ongoing border crisis tonight at five.
Announcer Its LIVE with Kelly and Ryan.
Today we catch up with Kate Hudson and Mr.Worldwide Pitbull.
Plus straight from the big screen actor Winston Duke.
And a performance from Daughtry.
All next on LIVE.
And now...
Here are Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest.
Yep lets go!
Good Morning.
Good morning.
I like that one.
Electricity right?
A little Dua Lipa there and the gang.
Hey it is Wednesday July 3rd 2019.
It is my dads birthday today!
Happy birthday Joe Ripa!
Happy birthday Joe Ripa.
Its a big one.
Im not gonna blow up your age.
Does he have a traditional celebration?
Well you know every year he likes to say that they do fireworks and they have a big cookout.
For his birthday.
But Im like thats pretty much everybody.
You know that was for me.
Yeah.
That was for me that whole thing up in the sky.
Well my greatest memory of your father is he and I laying on a chaise lounge in The Bahamas together with him giving me life advice and guidance and asking if I wanted representation by him to negotiate my next deal.
He was gonna be my union member.
It was the sweet stammersGelman He was trying to unionize you.
He was stammers unionize us.
Yeah.
He was telling us that we needed to unionize.
And I said We are in a union Dad.
Believe it or not we are in a union.
I felt like he accepted me in that moment.
He really did.
The two of you wereRight.
laughs I have pictures of that and theyre some of my favorite memories.
Because you two are so funny together.
The two of you It wasBecause you take on my dads personality when you talk to my dad.
I became...Yeah.
I became stern.
Yeah.
I became...My voice got deeper.
Yeah.
I find when I talk to athletes too I do the same thing.
Right.
Like I So how was the game?
Yeah.
And you always say to my dad Joe Ripa.
Joe Ripa.
Yeah its like you puff up and then you call him both namesJoe Ripa.
Which most people do.
Most people call me both names.
Kelly Ripa.
Yeah.
Yeah well its like one.
I mean come on Kelly Ripa.
Its one name.
Theres Kelly Ripa.
Theres Kelly Ripa.
Kelly Ripa through the park.
But I mean before this show Im going back to high school.
Keripa?
I was both names.
Keripa?
WellKeripa.
Listen if youreYoure making me more of a sound than...laughs laughs Well happy Fourth of July Keripa.
Thank you.
I was reading this about you know thank you for tuning in in the morning.
I dont know what your morning routines are your morning habits are but theres a whole article on surprising morning habits that can give you more anxiety.
And just by reading it I got more anxiety.
Right of course.
You saying the word anxiety Gives youGave me anxiety.
Cortisols releasing right now isnt it?
Right now yeah.
Is cortisol releasing into your system?
Yeah.
Well let it out.
Thats why I stopped wearing pants with a zipper.
Yeah cant do it.
Thats the reason?
Thats the reason.
Oh!
I cant do it.
I cant work in live TV and have a waistband.
No waist anymore.
Im like forget it.
The cortisol spikes its not gonna affect me Well listenCause my dress is just gonna widen.
Do you jumpThey say its bad for you to jump right outta bed.
Like to get right outta bed is bad.
It causes a spike in all of that.
Well.
Do you jump right out?
Or do you lay there for I lay there and moan for a minute.
I usually set snooze.
I do one snooze butI find it to be painful.
The snooze?
Yeah.
Cause I know its coming and I cant you know its like that anxiety?
Yeah but I like that.
Its like stammers I hit snooze but the whole time Im quasiawake and knowing thatIts coming?
But see that gives me anxiety knowing its coming.
I just burped and that gave me anxiety.
By the way...Can I say that garlic smells great.
Oh no its not.
Its not garlic.
No I know.
laughs I know its not garlic.
Doing household chores...
Gives you anxiety so quit.
Wait that gives you anxiety?
Household chores?
Yeah.
Knowing you haveAt the start of your day at the start of this is all at the beginning of the day.
Oh theyre saying dont do it at the start of the day.
Yeah dont do it at the beginning of the day.
Dont look at your work email the second you get outta bed.
Dont look at your todo list.
Dont skip breakfast.
I mean I do all of that.
I know right?
I do everyBut you get to wear a dress and its all fine.
Well I mean they make it look fine Theres no waist band.
I liken myself to a Westminster show dog.
Yeah it looks very fluffy on the outside.
But on the inside its like is this done yet?
Can we just...Can you please put me back in my cage?
I just wanna...
I dont wanna stand before the judges right now.
I do find looking at the phone I try not to do it first thing.
Which is hard sometimes because youre turning off your alarm and then all this stuff is there.
I have to look at it because usually hes either texted me or youve texted me over some thing thats happened in the middle of the night.
Some inane thing.
Yeah some thing that has happened.
Thats true.
So I have to check it first thing in the morning.
You know its not just my dads birthday today okay?
I want you to know its also another national holiday.
What is that?
A special day.
And I believe it could become an international holiday if we get it trending here.
It is National Compliment Your Mirror Day.
Gelman Oh my goodness!
Yes.
Yes.
Lady in the front rows like no it is not.
Oh yes it is.
You wanna know how it works?
Watch this.
Okay.
Kay you hold this.
Im not complimenting a picture of me.
You hold it.
Here.
Gelman you wanna do it too?
And Ill read?
Sure I can do it yeah.
Yes.
You stand next to Ryan.
I wanna see who doesGelman celebrates this every day.
Oh I know!
Trust me I know.
Yeah yeah.
Heres what you do everybody.
Stand in front of your mirror Oh God.
With your eyes closed.
Thats the key.
Thats the key.
Close your eyes.
Turns the lights off.
Yeah.
Put a big smile on your face.
Eyes closed big smile.
Now open your eyes.
No!
I dont wanna see it no.
Wow isnt the picture of the person in the mirror absolutely stunning?
Oh yes!
Whos making love to themself over here?
What is going on?
Dont let this special holiday be overshadowed by the 4th of July.
No!
Im feeling very positive.
I have to tell you I actuallyMake sure you compliment your mirror for displaying the beautiful person...Oh God.
Thank you mirror!
What a great mirror you are!
Gag gag gag.
Youre my favorite mirror.
Youre a good mirror.
Okay Gelman.
All right goodbye.
Thank you Gelman.
I was reading this article about smartphones at the gym.
I guess if you go to the gym and work out the gyms want you to post that youre working out at the gym.
Because they get good free publicity and marketing.
Well especially your gym where all the models go.
Woo!
laughs Yeah.
Thats whyIt looks like a Victoria Secret shoot every time.
Im like oh theres Ryan at his gym again.
Hey look its the only gym that has enough weight for me.
Gelman Oh woo!
Three pounders?
Yeah I have the little pink ones you hold.
Do they make sounds?
Yeah they make shaker sounds.
They make sounds.
To some Daddy Yankee music.
Ooh wee But this article is about gym etiquette.
They say dont Facetime or Skype in front of other people.
No photos in the locker room.
Oh yeah naw.
No.
Wait until after a class to ask the instructor for the selfie.
Now what I find...People do in the gym is they take their phone Yeah.
And they set it up over here you know?
Yeah.
And they record.
Then they go over here to do curls Right.
And then you walk through their shot and scoffs.
Yeah well guess what?
I mean what?
Guess what?
Thats exactly their problem not your problem.
Yeah exactly.
Because that is a stammers the floor this is gonna sound like a shock to all the millennials the floor is for a walking.
Well the goodIts not an imaginary tripod for you to lean your cellphone so you can have a selfie so you can remember so you can be nostalgic in real time.
Right?
Listen these are the people that are celebrating the mirror day all day today.
So they wont be at the gym.
Thats right.
Thats right theyre taking a day off today.
Theyre taking the day off to just celebrate themselves again.
Yes that is true.
Shall we are we?
Sure we could do that.
I mean I do have my study on insomnia.
Gelman Oh!
Do it.
You wanna know why were so why were such insomniacs?
Why are we such insomniacs?
Embarrassing thoughts keep us awake at night.
I think just thoughts.
Like a sum of all thoughts keep me awake.
Well thats what I said.
Like everything happens.
I was like thoughts keep me awake at night.
Not necessarily embarrassing thoughts becauseJust like a flow.
I am a human experiment that you cannot die from embarrassment.
You are thats correct.
Im still here right.
You are good on that.
But...
They are saying that like daily blunders can creep into the margins of our brain.
And so we fall asleep but suddenly the thought of something mortifying that happened during the day creeps in.
It does.
Right.
It does but theres 40 other thoughts happening at the same time.
Right.
So one by one shh I try and quiet them.
Right.
Shh then the alarm goes off.
Its morning murmurs.
Im still trying to quiet them.
Youre trying to quiet that?
Im trying to quiet.
Yeah.
You know I mean I try to quiet the thought.
Its hard to do sometimes.
I always worry that Ive hurt somebodys feelings and that creeps back to me you know?
You know my sense of humor.
Sometimes Ill...Yeah.
Ill use some of my best stuff on people I dont know that well and theyre like.
And they dont right.
And I go no Im kidding.
See thats my...Thats my personality.
And then that creeps in at night.
And I go oh I dont think so and so got my humor at the funeral tonight.
Right?
No Ive never had that happen.
Today on the show?
Yeah we have a great show.
Kate Hudson is here.
Yeah.
Woo!
You ready for Kate Hudson?
Pitbull is also here!
Winston Duke is here.
Mr.Worldwide!
Yeah and a performance by Daughtry.
Now tomorrow is the 4th of July.
And all week long were playing a special audience edition of Stump the Hosts.
Where an audience member shares a summerthemed truth or lie and we have to figure which one is true.
Yeah if they stump us they get a Kelly and Ryan mug and a 1200 appliance package from Cuisinart.
Woo!
Thats right.
Alright.
So far this week we have not thats right not been stumped.
Wow!
But the weeks is.
Its still young.
The week is young.
Cover your mug Kelly.
Okay.
All right.
Its time for Stump the Hosts Audience Edition!
Music Pump up the jam Music Music Pump it up Music Music While your feet are stompin Music Music And the jam is pumpin Music Music Look ahead the crowd is jumpin Music Music Pump it up a little more Music Music Get the party goin on the dance floor Music Music See cause thats where the partys at Music Music And youd find out if you do that Music There she is.
Music Get your booty on the floor tonight Music You know her you love her as Jessica Jackson from Phoenix Arizona.
Jessica happy 4th!
Woo!
Nice.
Woo!
Ryan Good to have you with us.
Thats the other Jessie J.
So were gonna meet the studio audience member now right?
Yeah thats right.
Lets meet our participant from Knoxville Tennessee.
Where is Christie Bruce?
Woo!
Christie Bruce!
Woo!
Hi!
Woo!
Hi Christie!
Hey adorable.
Sweet girl.
Oh you are beautiful!
Hi.
Hi!
Hi.
Hi!
How you doin?
Im great.
How are you doin?
Nice to see you.
Its a pleasure.
Ive got to tell you Christie Bruce you have an absolute joyful joyful sunshine face.
Oh thank you.
You do.
You really do.
You have a smile that makes me smile.
Well good Im glad.
Yeah thats good.
So you should win bonus points.
We hope so.
Yes!
Just for that.
Bonus points yes!
So youre gonna give us two statements.
Okay.
Alright?
Alright.
And were gonna try and guess which is true.
If you stump us you win.
Okay.
Alright this is gonna be hard.
Okay.
Okay all right here we go.
The first lie or no the first truth or lie is growing up we had a houseboat.
On Norris Lake in Knoxville Tennessee.
My family had a boat and we would all ski.
We would all do it.
There would four of us sometimes five.
We would all line up and we would do pyramids.
Behind the houseboat?
Behind the house well not the houseboat cause we had a boat but we kinda justSo you had a houseboat and a ski boat.
Right so we would go out and we would ski out and sometimes we would compete.
We were the McMichaels.
We would travel and do local competitions.
Ryan All right whats the second one?
Then well start asking questions.
The second one is I was Miss Tiny Tot of Tennessee.
And on 4th of July I would do the 4th of July parade and sit on the convertible and wave to the crowd.
Oh wave.
Yeah yeah.
Okay.
Let me see your parade wave.
Well it was bad Okay.
Because my mom told me I would wave like this to everybody and theyre like no no no you got to give it.
You got to give it good.
You really have to use the whole arm.
And how old were you when you were Miss Tiny Tot?
I was seven.
Seven.
Is Miss Tiny TotI dont care.
A real thing?
I want her to be Miss Tiny Tot because...
I think youre Miss Tiny Tot on this show!
Is there a Miss Tiny Tot circuit out there?
Miss Tiny Tot!
It is very rare that I am bigger than somebody.
I am tiny yes yes!
So you are our Miss Tiny Tot.
What does the audience have to say about this?
Oh!
Oh wow!
Oh wow!
I mean they really believe you have all those boats.
But I want her to be MissOh what is going on right now?
Its staying 8020.
I wanna believe that she.
Do you wanna go with it Kel?
Woman Go with what youYou know its your fathers birthday.
Alright lock it in.
You go with what you want.
Uhuh.
Im not gonna say a word.
Alright lets just say that Ill go with the audience and say that she was part of a water skiing troop.
Is that true?
No I was Miss Tiny of Tennessee.
You wanted me to be Miss Tiny Tot and I was!
I was Miss Leprechaun too.
You were?
Oh yeah.
I had multiple titles.
Oh my gosh!
You are amazing.
Shes a multipletitle winner!
Geez shes going down in history ladies and gentlemen.
Alright!
So now you help a member of our studio audience receive a 500 gift card from Club Monaco.
Alright so get out your tickets.
So there you go.
Can I pick one of my friends?
Yeah if you can find their number you can pick one of your friends.
Okay.
Just remember no looking.
Im looking.
There we go no looking.
Im looking Christy Vaughny Im looking.
Im just kidding.
Lets see here 125.
125 there you go.
Alright.
Right over there in the corner.
Christie Thank you all so much.
That was so fun.
Christie so nice to meet you.
You too.
Youre a blast.
Well be right back with Kate Hudson.
Announcer Still ahead on LIVE a performance by Daughtry.
Actor Winston Duke.
Pitbull.
And coming up next Kate Hudson.
Narrator You know July 4th is a great time for a backyard barbecue.
Lowes helps you do it right with savings like 9 off a twin pack of Kingsford Charcoal now 14.88.
And spruce up your landscape before guests arrive.
With five packs of mulch for 10.
Do it right for less start with Lowes.
Narrator Dogs have evolved but their nutritional needs remain instinctual.
Thats why theres Purina One True Instinct.
High protein for strong muscles.
A different breed of natural nutrition Purina One True Instinct.
Also in grainfree for dogs and cats.
Narrator Brushing only reaches 25 of your mouth.
Listerine cleans virtually 100.
Helping to prevent gum disease and bad breath.
Never settle for 25.
Always go for 100.
Bring out the bold.
Music Dont give it up Music Music I want it all Music Music Cause theres nothing like this feeling baby Music Music Now that Ive found you Music Music Now that Ive found you Music Narrator ABC7s on your side this Capital 4th.
With live coverage of the fireworks the President and the protests.
All day on ABC7.
WJLA 247 News.
And wherever you go streaming on the ABC 7 News app.
Are you looking for a hasslefree simple way to sell your home as is?
It doesnt matter if youre downsizing your home have fallen behind in repairs or your mortgage.
Get an offer on your home in as little as 10 minutes with House Buyers of America.
We buy houses directly.
Theres no middlemen no commissions.
Theres no need to deal with real estate agents repairs inspections and renovations.
Give us a call today.
Were A rated with the Better Business Bureau.
House Buyers Of America.
Real estate made real easy.
Narrator Storm Watch 7.
Seven Strong.
On a mission.
Knowing where the threat is.
Knowing how its going to impact you.
That makes all the difference.
Storm Watch 7 seven strong and always on your side.
Shes a successful actress a best selling author a clothing entrepreneur and one of the most lovable people we know.
Please welcome back to the show Kate Hudson.
Good to see you.
You look so pretty!
Thanks.
Its so funny I saw that dress hanging backstage Yes.
And I was like oh my gosh.
I made it.
I thought that was for me.
She can get you one.
You can have it.
Ill get you one.
Yeah.
Its veryYou know its made out of organic cotton.
No kidding.
Yeah.
So pretty.
Im excited to talk about it.
But first I wanna say that...
I would you took my job.
I would love to be in a bikini playing cards.
Oh really.
Well you could be.
I love a fast car and I love a bikini.
Yeah listenDo you remember the White Snake video where they were dancing Yes yes.
On thatYeah of course.
That could be us on the hood.
Totally into it.
Lets okay.
I smell a tankpiece.
Totally down.
I smell it hey Gelman.
Were just bookin the show left and right.
So you are a mom of...Three now!
Three.
Three yeah.
Or fiveI say 500.
Its like It feels like I have 500 kids.
Thats what it feels like.
Well you go from mantoman defense to zonedefense.
Yeah.
Woo.
And I dont know what that means.
It just seems like it mumbles up a lot.
Oh my God.
Everyones like how are you?
And Im like exhausted.
Im so tired.
How old is this six months?
The latest addition?
Ope shes six months.
Yesterday.
Oh so cute!
Oh my gosh Look at her little thighs.
ThatsKate Oh my God you guys.
Im out of my mind.
Do you ever do you chew on her legs?
Do you chew on her?
I chew on everything.
Mhm.
stammers I mean were all out of our minds with Rani.
Yeah.
Shes so cute.
I love your copper pans though those are nice.
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
Copper pans?
You noticed pans?
I have copper pans.
Yeah she has beautiful copper pans.
I actually collect copper.
Oh you do?
Yeah.
Oh well see.
And I engrave them and everything.
Look at that.
Kate Yeah.
That is so cute.
Its so funny I was so busy looking at the I was like copper pans?
Oh yeah.
Ryans like nice copper pans.
Yeah.
Im installing a kitchen right now.
Are her big brothers involved?
Or are they at the place where theyre like oh thats you know thats a diaper?
Ryders 15.
Yeah.
Which is crazy.
I mean its like Thats insane.
I mean hes almost stammers getting up to sixfeet.
And hes such a great boy.
Hes a man.
Young man.
Yeah.
laughs Its okay.
But the other day we wereI do it all the time.
I know Im like what is it?
Hes so old.
But no the other day we went to breakfast and I was juggling a million things.
And I think its like you know really wise to go alone with three kids.
You know its like hey lets go to breakfast kids.
And the next thing you know Im not eating Im juggling everything and I go to Ryder Ryder just take Rani.
And I went to go get my food at the buffet and I looked over and heres this young man holding his sisIt was the craziest image to me.
Yeah.
And I just thought life is really weird.
And it goes fast.
Its so faYeah but I was like 12 when II meanYou were 12 whenYeah in terms of like a Hollywood actress.
Right.
Yeah.
I say in terms of a Hollywood actress I was like a teenmom.
I mean thats you know.
Yeah yeah yeah.
Yeah me and Reese were like teenmoms.
Yeah thats true.
You know its like we had kids really super young.
But you...
I mean just from your posts you dont let being a busy mom not have you have fun.
Like you still like reallyHold on...Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Like you still are you.
But dont you think you learn that from your family?
Like your family...IsWhen I look at your family its with admiration and envy cause you all seem like youre having fun all the time.
All the time.
Yeah my parents left us to have fun all the time.
It was like where are you going?
Theyre like were going to Tahiti!
Okay.
See you in two weeks!
Yeah exactly.
Yeah we do.
We have fun.
I mean I make sure that You embrace it.
You know kids are good and that I take time to you know let out some steam.
To enjoy.
Yeah.
Although lately its been hard cause Im still breast feeding.
I gotta be honest.
Yeah.
Its like my 40th is coming up and I keep saying stammers I deserve a really good hangover.
Yes.
And its gonna happen.
Listen I wanna give you a birthday present.
I will watch your children so you can go tie one on.
I will do the wholeAnd Ill go...
Ill go tie one on with you.
Thats good perfect!
I will take care I will take care of your babies.
Im very responsible.
So now theres stammers.
Break it down.
Musicians in your family.
Youre very musical.
I love to sing.
Yeah.
And I play piano.
I didnt know that.
Yeah but its like I keep forgetting I cant swear on these shows.
I almost went there.
Im not very good at it.
I can write on the piano but I cant like sit down and read music Wow.
And be like you know.
Yeah.
Why dont you release a single?
I have a movie coming out.
I think its gonna be in the Fall thats a musical that Sia directed.
Oh.
Oh wow.
Yeah its the first time Ive actually sang contemporary music.
Thats really exciting.
And I think after that Ill probably even just stammers.
I feel like its one of those things I have to do at some point.
I just have to put something out there.
ListenI dont care what it doesYou know people that work on the radio.
Oh yeah thats right.
Yeah.
Oh that guy.
I tell ya how to make it a hit.
Yeah?
Collaborate with DJ Khalid.
Right.
Thats right.
Thats all you gotta do.
Just get DJ Khalid Kate HudsonOr Mr.WorldWide.
Or Mr.WorldWide!
Mr.WorldWide.
Mr.WorldWide.
Yeah yeah yeah.
I got it.
You know what though?
I have to say I miss bands.
I really do.
Like my sons really musical.
Bing is insanestammers Almost...
He drums.
I cant get him out of his drumming room.
Thats great.
Hes now started playing keyboard and hes never had a pianoOh yeah hes not even eight years old.
Hes got it in the genes.
Its kind of crazy.
And I just thought...Oh hes gonna get in a band and like ugh its gonna be tough laughs.
Yeah yeah.
Hes gonna tour the world.
Its gonna be a hard life.
No but its an exciting life.
Dont you think?
Being stammers a touring musician?
Well she wasYeah but I meanYou have some experience with that.
I mean its a lot of work.
You know?
Yeah.
And its amazing when you love it.
But its a whole different likeJazz Cats.
Oh.
Like all the people that Im really close to and touring musicians who still spend 200 days of the year on the road.
On the road.
But Im thinking about your parents right.
They were probably like oh gosh not acting.
Its such a like an unstable career right?
If you have a calling for it.
Yeah do it.
Imagine if your mom said to you Kate listen anything but acting.
Yeah.
Right?
That would have been very yeah.
It would have been hardBut youre entrepreneuring.
I mean youve got all of these fashion brandsI just cant stop working.
Great!
I love to work andKelly Well youre good at it.
Ive always wanted to design clothes.
Whats Happy By Nature?
So Happy By Nature is my first like readytowear fashion line.
Its fantastic.
Im so happy for you.
Thank you Im really excited.
Im excited.
Its one of those things Ive been working really hard on it.
I feel like every time I put my name to anything whether Im endorsing it or banking it like this.
Right.
I have to believe in it.
It has to be something that I feel is important.
And so this is a very ecofriendly line and the fashion industry is like the worst number two worst carbon footprint of all industries.
And I really feel like the fashion industry needs to look at how theyre making things and start changing the way that they do stuff.
And I feel like weYeah.
WellAnd I feel like were gonna really hopefully make an impact there.
Well youre a nature girl.
So you grew up...Yeah.
In nature really.
Yeah.
I meanIn Brentwood.
In BrentNo but she also Colorado.
No.
Shes a Colorado girl.
Colorado.
Oh Colorado okay.
And then Brentwood.
Then Brentwood.
Kelly Yeah.
Theres a median of grass.
Yeah yeah.
This is beautiful.
Thank you.
So you can go to our website for more information about Kates fashion line Happy By Nature.
Great to see you.
Announcer Still ahead on Live well talk with Pitbull.
Music Excuse me excuse me Music I remember putting on a brave face to hide my symptoms of depression.
I was on an antidepressant but I still had depression symptoms.
It was tough getting through the day hiding how I really felt.
Something had to change.
So I talked to my doctor for real.
No more saying oh Im fine.
This time I spoke up about living behind the mask.
And he told me about Rexulti.
He said that Rexulti when added to an antidepressant has been proven to help reduce symptoms of depression.
Without giving up the progress I may have made on my antidepressant.
Narrator Rexulti is not for everyone.
Call your doctor about unusual changes in behavior worsening depression or thoughts of suicide.
Antidepressants can increase these in those 24 and younger.
Elderly dementia patients taking Rexulti have an increased risk of death or stroke.
Call your doctor if you have highfever stiff muscles and confusion to address a possible lifethreatening condition.
Or if you have uncontrollable muscle movements as these may be permanent.
Rexulti has been shown to increase bloodsugar in some people.
Other risks are increased cholesterol weight gain unusual urges or compulsive behaviors decreased white bloodcells which can be serious dizziness on standing seizures trouble swallowing and impaired judgment or motor skills.
It was time to make a change.
Thats why I asked my doctor about adding Rexulti.
Narrator Feel better about facing the world.
Pay 0 for your first Rexulti prescription.
Details at rexulti.com.
Narrator Its Regency Furnitures July 4th celebration!
And everythings on sale!
When Regency cuts furniture prices this low you will save 50!
Plus this week get free delivery and Regency pays your sales tax.
Save on the biggest July 4th celebration.
Now at Regency Furniture.
Narrator ABC7s on your side this capital 4th.
With live coverage of the fireworks the president and the protests.
All day On ABC7.
WJLA 247 News.
And wherever you go streaming on the ABC7 News app.
Narrator At Value City Furniture we know great moments deserve great furniture.
Hurry in now to the 4th of July sale and save 1030 off storewide.
No minimum purchase required.
Or for a limited time enjoy 48 months special financing.
Now on purchases of just 999 or more.
With payments starting as low as 21 a month.
Get the savings you want during the 4th of July sale.
Going on now at Value City Furniture.
Music Yeah que no pare la fiesta Music Music Dont stop the party Music Music Yeah yeah yeah Music Music Que no pare la fiesta Music Music Dont stop the party Music Oh yeah you and me both.
Right?
He is a Grammy winning international superstar.
Mr.305 Mr.WorldWide.
Please welcome Pitbull.
Got em.
Got em got em got em got em.
Hi!
How are you?
Yes sir.
Good to see you baby.
Yes sir.
Love it.
I mean the fans.
The fans go nuts.
Yeah.
Armando fans are here.
mumbles Yeeooh!
I think I got the wrong glasses on.
Oh yeah yeah.
Are these your glasses?
Oh my gosh.
I know Im sorry.
You lookStudious.
But I can see everybody really close right now.
Sorry about that.
Sorry laughs.
So listen...Boom there we go.
To go back for people who dont know your story.
Yeah.
It is an incredible story.
Been very blessed thank God.
Thanks for the fans.
I wouldnt be here without yall.
I wanna talk aboutThe challenges at the beginning for you and what you did to overcome to get to be who you are now.
Well I mean...Oof..A lot of different obstacles but I think that thats what makes the journey fun.
You know from nothing to something.
A whole lot of nos.
Yeah.
Thats for sure.
And a whole lot of you cant you wont you never will dont youre crazy how dare you impossible.
And then I flipped every word by the way.
Yeah.
So my daughter taught me in the word impossible is possible.
Yeah.
Right?
And I took the word cant is can.
Yeah.
Wont is won.
Yes.
Dont is do.
Yes.
And thats exactly what we doin with our career.
Its really20 years in the game baby.
20 years too.
Yeah.
Isnt that great?
Amazing.
You got your first record deal from a rap battle.
Yeah it was a rap battle against back in the day was a crew called The Ruff Ryders.
A guy named DMX Yes of course.
Was a part of it.
Yeah.
I was very I was invited to his video shoot and I battled this guy named Dragon at the video shoot Swizz Beatz was there.
Mhm.
And Swizz Beatz told me Ill give you three rounds with the DragCause hes a dragon you know.
Hes gonna burn you.
I said man Im just happy to be here.
Kelly Right.
I had homecourt advantage.
It was in Miami.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
And I flipped a couple words in Spanish here and there.
Called out a couple neighborhoods.
It worked out you know?
And we won laughs.
Oh my gosh thats great.
Yeah.
And thats where it all started?
Yup.
You know whats crazy is thats on video.
And the footage you cant find it anywhere.
Really?
Crazy enough yeah.
Theres a guy out there Jamie if youre looking at this I know you still got that footage mumbles.
Kelly Jamie!
Lets go cough it up.
You need to show the world that Jamie.
I would love to see that.
Oh you will.
You will.
Yeah.
Now that I said that youll see it.
Itll get out one way or another.
And also when you were growing up Yeah.
Your mom would put on tapes of Tony Robbins Yup.
In the car right?
So I lived in a neighborhood called Carol City in Miami.
Yeah.
And...
I was not trying to listen to Tony Robbins.
And whenever my mom could take me to school it was an 82 Pinto that she would take me to school in and she said she put Tony on.
I wanted to hear like 2 Live Crew and Poison Clan.
So one day I go to change the radio to you know to my music and shes like smack bam.
She said do you pay for this car?
I said no.
She said well then dont touch my radio.
And so you were listening to Tony Robbins?
So subliminally I started listening to Tony and all it took was one story.
Which was a story about Colonel Sanders and how it took him 1007 nos before he could sell his recipe.
And I thought about it like man its hard to get one no out of my mom.
I go man imagine 1007 of em.
So the word no became yes.
You know I welcome failure.
I welcome the slip.
I welcome the fall.
I welcome the no.
I mean you guys know.
Yeah of course.
You know and failures the mother of all success.
And Ive learned that through out the game.
Every record that has been huge for us around the world thanks to you guys every record exec said mmm not gonna work.
So the minute that they dont say thats a hit Im like ope throw that out the window.
We get it.
Yes.
Its true.
Yeah yeah.
Its true.
I mean youve had...
Its like...
I had the fortunate opportunity to play Pitbulls music every single day.
Right I put you on one of the records.
He put me in a lyric.
Yeah.
I was so excited.
Wait wait wait what lyric?
It says...
It was...Give me everything...
Which was a huge mumbles Where I said my familys from Cuba but Im an American idol getting money like Seacrest.
Kelly Oh yes!
More with Pitbull.
How he became an ugly dog after this.
Stay with us.
Yeeooh!
Announcer Tomorrow on Live.
The cast of Stranger Things.
Narrator Today people across the nation are experiencing the benefits of joining PENFED Credit Union.
With the PENFED car buying service theyre finding the right car at a better price.
And everyone is welcome to apply.
Join today at PENFED.org.
With COX you get everything you wanna watch in one place using the voice remote.
Show me action.
Even a ninny like me can figure it out.
With streaming apps you miss live events and waste time searching for shows.
Not this one that one.
Its clear that COX is the better choice.
Just like its clear that the teleprompter guys thinks Im a booboohead who steals parking spots.
Narrator Get live TV great apps and On Demand from COX.
Starting at 79.99 a month.
Narrator Heres threetime gold medalist Misty MayTreanor.
For Vein Clinics of America.
I was surprised to see I had vein disease.
I didnt think I was old enough.
But I didnt wanna risk my health or the performance of my legs.
So I went right to Vein Clinics of America.
Narrator For over 35 years Vein Clinics of America has been a leader in the treatment of vein disease.
Varicose veins and spider veins are much more than an unsightly cosmetic problem.
Often its a serious medical condition.
Call or go online now to see if you qualify to book a free noobligation consult.
Misty The veins they treated are completely gone.
Its like they turned back time.
Narrator All treatments are done on an outpatient basis and many procedures are covered by most insurance plans.
I want my legs to stay healthy strong and beautiful.
Thats why I went to Vein Clinics of America.
Narrator Call or go online right now to see if you qualify to book your free consultation.
Vein Clinics of America healthy looks good.
Narrator Call 18005936331.
Is your house less than perfect?
Im Dan from MarketPro Home Buyers and we wanna buy your home.
Dont make repairs dont pay commissions and dont wait another day.
Well get you the cash you need.
No agent fees no closing costs.
Well even help you pack and move for free.
For a noobligation offer call 301750SELL.
Thats 3017507355.
Or visit marketprohomebuyers.com.
We buy houses asis on your schedule.
Call today.
Narrator With the PENFED car buying service from PENFED Credit Union you can get rates as low as 2.49 APR on used vehicles.
And everyone is welcome to apply.
Visit PENFED.org.
Music PENFEDs got great rates for everyone Music You call that a dog?
Its alright guys.
Slick Dogs got this.
Music PanpanameriMusic Music Bon Bon Bon Bon Music Music Yo quiero estar contigo Music What are you doing?
Having fun.
Getting crazy.
Getting loose.
Music Bon bon bon Music Go!
Ill stall him.
Go go go!
Thats great.
Bon bon bon bon Something for the parents.
Yeah.
Little something for the parents.
Yeah.
Thats a scene from Ugly Dolls starring Pitbull.
Yeah.
You play a character named Ugly Dog.
Yeah you know the people at the studio really thought this out thoroughly.
And they was like you know your names Pitbull we want you to play this dog.
Kelly Right.
I was like man you guys are geniuses.
With an alterego though.
Yeah but its great.
Well you know thats why I brought the glasses out today.
Cause Im also Slick Dog.
Right.
Right.
Im Ugly dog and Slick Dog in the movie.
What I love about this movie really you know why I signed up for it its a perfect time for the perfect message to let everybody know that believe it or not perfection doesnt exist!
Yeah.
You know?
And...And also flip the word ugly which the word ugly is UGottaLoveYourself.
Okay?
Aw.
Learning a little bit today huh?
Yeah.
And especially in a society where you got all the kids right now on social media and its all about followers and likes.
When it really should be about leaders and unique.
Thats what itYeah.
You know who cares?
Forget about following.
You know be yourself.
Love yourself.
Yeah.
And thats what this movies all about.
You got Uglyville and Perfectville.
And guess what?
Everybody in Uglyville man they love each other they have fun with each other make fun of each other they enjoy each other.
Everybody in Perfectville they just you know Mhm.
Everybody does the same thing and they all look the same.
So Uglyville...
I cant spoil the movie for yall.
You know?
I do like the way you I like the way you were acting it out though.
I get loose I have fun.
You know we get a chance to enjoy and so it was a lot of fun.
Obviously you see Im very excited about it.
And they gave me a chance to actually be me in a cartoon character.
Its really great.
Yeah its a lot of fun.
Have you thought about being you in a movie?
Well you know let me tell you Im Mr.WorldWide alright?
But Ryan...
Okay Ryan is Mr.NonExclusive.
This man has a deal with everybody.
So Im like Ryan how can I use your attorney?
Okay?
So you would understand me when it comes to movies I like to be more offcamera invest and be partners in it.
So are you saying ButYou want Ryan to star as youOh that would be great.
Let me see the glasses.
There you go.
What?
Ayy get it get it get it get it get it!
I just wanna watch this all day.
Dont wait...Oh that was great.
What?
Greatest thing Ive ever seen.
Ugly Dolls.
Make sure to check out murmurs.
Announcer Friday on Live.
Ricky Gervais.
This July 4th...
Things are getting strange around here.
Announcer Next Live the boys of Stranger Things houseband O.A.R and 4th of July games.
Its gonna be big.
Kelly Like inflatable flamingo big.
My body is truly powerful.
I have the power to lower my bloodsugar and A1C.
Because I can still make my own insulin and Trulicity activates my body to release it.
Like its supposed to.
Narrator Trulicity is for people with type 2 diabetes.
Its not insulin.
Man I take it once a week.
It starts acting in my body from the first dose.
Narrator Trulicity isnt for people with type 1 diabetes or diabetic ketoacidosis.
Dont take Trulicity if youre allergic to it you or your family have medullary thyroid cancer or have multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome type 2.
Stop Trulicity and call your doctor right away if you have an allergic reaction a lump or swelling in your neck or severe stomach pain.
Serious side effects may include pancreatitis.
Taking Trulicity with a sulfonylureas or insulin increases low bloodsugar risk.
Side effects include nausea diarrhea vomiting belly pain and decreased apetite.
Which lead to dehydration and may worsen kidney problems.
I have it within me to lower my A1C.
Narrator Ask your doctor about Trulicity.
Narrator Ger ready for clearance.
Its the Honda 4th of July sales event.
Accords on clearance.
Civics on clearance.
CRVs and HRVs on clearance.
Even the thirdrow Pilot is on clearance.
With features on clearance safety on clearance and selection on clearance.
Like a new Civic for just 189 a month.
Or get a new CRV for just 259 a month.
Dont miss the Honda 4th of July sales event.
Did we mention it was clearance?
Going on now at your local Honda dealer.
Narrator Get the deals now during The Great American tent sale at Sears.
Save up to 50 off Summer fashions and sandals for the family.
Including kids swimwear starting at 8.
And up to 40 off appliances.
Including this Kenmore frenchdoor refrigerator for 1299.99.
Plus you get 300 cash back in points to spend anywhere in the store over twenty weeks.
Start your shopping during The Great American tent sale.
In store or at Sears.com to start making your Summer moments matter.
He is an award winning actor.
We know him as MBaku from Black Panther.
And now he starts in Jordan Peeles new thriller US.
Please welcome Winston Duke everybody.
How are you?
So great.
So great.
So happy to see you.
How are you bro?
Good to see you man.
Nice to see you!
Oh wonderful.
Oh he feels like an Oscar winner.
He does.
Yes you actually look like an Oscar winner.
From your lips to Gods ears.
Yes yes.
Well you guys did.
You won some Oscars.
Yeah we got three Oscars for Black Panther.
What a thrill.
Yes.
I mean really incredible.
And is the sequel...Are you working on the sequel?
Can we talk about that yet?
Is that like your smooth pitch to find out No just tryingwhats going on?
Just trying to figure out if theres a sequel in the works.
Yeah theres a definitely a Black Panther 2.
Good.
Yeah.
In the works.
Everythings very hushhush with Marvel and Disney.
Right.
Around it.
Yes.
You know if youre eager for a MBaku fix Ill be in the...
The Avengers Infinity War Part 2.
Okay great.
So thats coming.
Thats coming as well.
That is great.
And we understand as well youre celebrating all the success you bought a house?
I did I did.
Congratulations happy home owner.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
You know thats what it is.
I thought you looked more burdened than the last time I saw you.
I think its with all the home renovations.
Thats what it is.
You know finding furniture that fits.
Exactly.
Yes yes.
Especially cause Im a big guy.
So Im always trying to make the things work but you know Yeah.
Its all about size and scale.
You want a sumptuous sofa.
I like that word.
Yes.
Sumptuous.
Yeah.
So you have to you actually are shopping for larger than normal couches?
Im not larger than normal its just...
Things that fit me but also are in proportion to the home.
You know these chairs seem to fit you well.
Maybe youd like toThese work great.
These could be great for the dining room.
Is this a gift?
Yes absolutely.
This is gift.
Gelman we need new chairs.
Are you moving anything from your current place into the new place?
Couple things.
But really its mainly our first family home in the states you know?
So great.
So its been just a pleasure to be able to do that.
Be the first one to purchaseOh but you have...
He has citrus.
stammers Its her dream to have citrus.
My dream is to have a citrus plant of some kind.
Yeah.
I live in New York City so that dream is probably never going to happen.
Ryan unbeknownst to me in all of the years I was keeping it on Weve known each other The DL like the sequel.
Has an orang grove.
Oh my God.
Okay?
He has a secret orange grove.
What do you have?
In my secret garden.
I have kumquats.
Oh no kidding!
Kumquats and I actuallyThe baby orange!
You can eat them whole.
Yes I actually cause the skin is sweet and the inside is sour.
Yes.
So theyre this like awesome little fruit.
You can make a chutney out of it.
Ooh.
I will make you some kumquat chutney!
Ooh she said chutney.
I will make you a chutney.
Can you say it again?
Can you say it again?
Yeah chutney.
You can make chutney out of your kumquats.
Did you know that?
Yes yes.
And I have a little present for you.
I brought you someChutney.
My kumquats.
No you didnt!
Yeah I did I did.
Are these your kumquats?
Yes these are my kumquats.
I am going to chutney this.
Oh my gosh.
Really?
You just popped one right in?
Yeah.
Really?
Theyre like satisfying in a poppy way.
Yeah yeah.
Theyre intense.
Theyre very intense.
Yeah yeah yeah.
These are fresh.
Yeah theyre very fresh.
Theyre from my tree.
Theyre from my tree I cant believe Winston Zone.
You broughtWere gonna make you were gonna make manufacture your chutney.
MBakus chutney.
MBakus vegetarian chutney.
Tell me that...
I think thats a glorious idea.
That is a trillion dollar idea.
Do you...Do you cook?
Im gonna grab my mumbles.
I cook a little bit but because my size is always going up and down for each roleYeah I know the feeling.
Do you have to do that a lot?
A lot a lot.
So for MBaku I had gained about 40 pounds.
Right.
And then for upcoming movie Us Right.
Jordan Peele didnt want me to feel like a super hero.
So he was like if you could just eat some burgers or something.
So you could look just like a dad who has responsibilities other than going to the gym.
Isnt that amazing?
Like stammers.
And I think that this is a uniquely male thing that men in their roles can go up and down the scale with relative ease.
Like just have a couple of burgers.
Yeah stammers.
That was fun but then losing the weight is not.
Oh okay.
Well Im glad to hear you say that.
Lets take a break.
This is your treat.
Just plant those and have your very own citrus tree.
Until the first frost.
Well be right back and talk about Us right after this.
Announcer Tomorrow on Live.
A performance by O.A.R.
Music And Im dreaming of you tonight Music Narrator When cravings come on strong...Be stronger.
With new Nicorette Coated Icemint.
Layered with flavor.
Its the first and only coated nicotine lozenge.
For an amazing taste that outlasts your craving.
New Nicorette Icemint.
Narrator Ashley Home Stores stars and stripes event is going on now.
For a limited time save up to 30.
Get 0 interest for six whole years.
Plus shop incredible 4th of July doorbusters.
Only at Americas number one furniture and mattress store.
Ashley Home Store.
This is home.
Narrator ABC7s on your side this capital 4th.
With live coverage of the fireworks the president and the protests.
All day On ABC7.
WJLA 247 News.
And wherever you go streaming on the ABC7 News app.
Narrator Storm Watch 7.
Knowing where the threat is and knowing when it will impact you.
Knowing Storm Watch 7 is always on alert.
Always with you.
That makes all the difference.
Narrator Storm Watch 7 seven strong and always on your side.
Narrator Whole house insulated siding 289 a month.
Window World installs premium siding thats actually an energy saving wall system.
Narrator Whole house insulated siding 289 and free estimate.
Window World the best for less.
Narrator Appliance shopping...
Shouldnt be painful.
Come to Bray  Scarff.
Where factorytrained appliance experts give you the personal attention you deserve.
And get July 4th savings now!
With exclusive double rebates on select kitchen packages.
Plus this Maytag topload washer!
With deep fill and power wash for just 699.
Shop local at Bray  Scarff.
Where it doesnt cost more to get more.
Man America will let you do anything.
If you ever told me that where I am right now at my age and you gave me options.
You said you have this wife this house these kids this life.
I said sign me up.
No doubt.
Woman You dont have to be rich.
Your goal should be to be independent.
To be stable.
Know that what youre doing is meaningful in some way.
Man That is my American Dream.
Woman Were the Byrds from Woodbridge Virginia and weve been PENFED members for almost 20 years.
Is your house less than perfect?
Im Dan from MarketPro Home Buyers and we wanna buy your home.
My husband and I were faced with the decision of what to do with my fathers home.
The house required a lot of work.
Thats when I found MarketPro Home Buyers.
Dan visited our home and within minutes he gave us a quote.
It was so easy.
Dan even helped pay to pack and move us.
MarketPro Home Buyers truly helped my family when we did not know what to do.
Dan Call us today at 3017507355.
Narrator Whole house insulated siding 289 a month.
Window World installs premium siding thats actually an energy saving wall system.
Narrator Whole house insulated siding 289 and free estimate.
Window World the best for less.
Now I thought I already done told yall to get off my property.
Okay?
So if yall wanna get crazy we can get crazy.
Now the cops are already on they way.
Hey hey hey hey!
Goosebumps.
Yes!
We are scared in thrillers like this.
Yes.
Yes Jordan Peele...
I am convinced is a terrifying person in real life.
He actually is really just like a calm smooth unassuming guy.
You never think that was going on up there.
What is going on up there?
Yeah yeah.
Thats really the thing.
Honestly.
How does he come up with these scenarios?
I think hes just very imaginative you know his take on American cinema cause I feel thats really what Get Out and this movie is doing is interrogating America as a culture.
With really interesting whatifs.
And how many people live through this?
Cause it looksI cant tell you that one.
Do you survive?
I cant tell you that one.
What can you tell us about this?
What can you tell us about Us?
What can you tell us?
What I can say is that its deeply really just a family drama.
Its about a family caught in an interesting scenario and they have to fight for their lives and theyre confronted with essentially their own demons.
Which are these doppelganger figures.
Oh boy.
That look exactly like them.
Ryan But at least you have a bat.
Yeah laughs.
I mean look...
I want everybody to look at that photo.
Tell...That is I mean.
Yeah.
Terrifying.
Yeah.
Terrifying.
Its terrifying and then you know being in that space being in that head space and that body was really tough to stay in.
Because you have to go to a I have to go to a really interesting place.
But were really well supported.
Was it a heavy place?
Heavy emotionally.
Because I cant tell you anything without giving a big Right I know.
Spoiler.
Right right.
But its a dark place for these characters and I never judge them.
I never looked at them as any kind of a villain.
You cant can you?
Yeah at all.
So that was a really big important part of doing the work.
Is not judging those characters.
Especially these ones.
And youll find out really soon why.
Well we truly get to see your versatility in everything that you do.
Its great to have you with us man.
I love a Jordan Peele film.
Winston Duke!
Announcer If youd like to know more about anything you see on Live just log onto our website at kellyandryan.com.
Narrator Just when you thought you were done painting you discover paintbleed under your tape.
Not with Frog Tape.
Frog Tape is the only painters tape treated with patented paintblock technology.
Get professional results with Frog Tape.
No messy lines.
No paintbleed.
For sharp lines every time Frog it.
Narrator This Summer Kings Dominion takes amazing to a whole new level with Grand Carnivale.
June 15th through July 7th.
A celebration parading through the park.
Surrounding guests with every chance to join the fun.
Get tickets at kindsdominion.com.
Music Ooh yeah Music Music Alright Music Music Here we go now Music Music Give a little bit of my love to you Music Narrator At Value City Furniture we know great moments deserve great furniture.
Hurry in now to the 4th of July sale and save 1030 off storewide.
No minimum purchase required.
Or for a limited time enjoy 48 months special financing.
Now on purchases of just 999 or more.
With payments starting as low as 21 a month.
Get the savings you want during the 4th of July sale.
Going on now at Value City Furniture.
Okay have fun at your dads.
Okay love you Mom.
Bye.
What do you think?
I like it.
Get up!
Come on.
Got him!
Yes!
You hungry?
Yeah.
Alright.
Bye.
Bye buddy.
How was it?
Dads internet is amazing.
Well you know moms cookies are also amazing.
Thats what I thought.
Narrator Get up to 1 GIG speeds on the day you move in.
COX internet starting at 29.99 per month for up to 10 mumbles.
Narrator Ballston Quarter.
Enjoy indoor and outdoor shopping.
Dining and entertainment.
Right off the metro.
Check out Quarter Market.
With 10 eateries from the regions top chefs.
With more to come.
Ballston Quarter Arlingtons top destination for food and fun.
Im Kidd OShea.
Check out Cooking With Kidd every Tuesday.
As the areas top chefs and foodies join me in the kitchen.
See what were cooking on ABC7 News at 400.
Narrator Cooking With Kidd is brought to you by Ballston Quarter and Cookology.
Narrator ABC7s on your side this capital 4th.
With live coverage of the fireworks the president and the protests.
All day On ABC7.
WJLA 247 News.
And wherever you go streaming on the ABC7 News app.
Narrator Get the best deal on tickets at kingsdominion.com.
Its amazing in here.
Narrator Closed captioning sponsored in part by...Narrator This is you shopping...And this is you maximizing.
At TJ MAXX get more of the brand you love and quality you want.
And save every time.
Its not shopping its maximizing.
Max live at TJ Maxx.
Narrator What is love?
Two hearts?
One soul?
A kiss?
A hug?
A laugh?
What is love?
Love is all you need.
Call 1800Sandals.
Narrator Whether its planned taco night or surprise pizza Zantac works when you need it.
It relieves or prevents heartburn in as little as 30 minutes and lasts up to 12 hours.
Zantac.
Eat your way.
Treat your way.
Make sure to join us tomorrow for an allnew Fourth of July party.
With special houseband O.A.R.
Thats very exciting.
So well be here for that.
Now singing Backbone from their album Cage to Rattle it is Daughtry lets go.
Music Hey Music Music Hey Music Music When youre hurting deep down Music Music When youre feelin like youre never Music Music Gonna dig your way out Music Music Never gonna dig your way out Music Music Keep pushing up the river Music Music Keep mining for the silver Music Music Til youve shot gold Music Music Gotta whether the storm Music Music Cause it cant rain forever no Music Music Im telling you Music Music We all fall on hard times you know Music Music Each day is a hight climb you know Music Music Some days your body has to carry on Music Music So you gotta show a little backbone Music Music You know Music Music You know Music Music You know Music Music You gotta show a little backbone Music Music These troubles so real Music Music Were all facing temptations Music Music And our own fears Music Music Year after year Music Music But it cant rain forver no Music Music Im telling you Music Music We all fall on hard times you know Music Music Each day is a high climb you know Music Music Some days your body has to carry on Music Music So you gotta show a little backbone Music Music You know Music Music You know Music Music You know Music Music You gotta show a little backbone Music Music You know Music Music You know Music Music You know Music Music You gotta show a little backbone Music Music Are you strong enough Music Music To get back up Music Music When the chains hold you to the ground Music Music So lets break em down yeah uh Music Music Lets break em down Music Music Lets break em down Music Music Yeah Music Music Woah Im telling you Music Music We all fall on hard times you know Music Music Each day is a hight climb you know Music Music Some days your body has to carry on Music Music So you gotta show a little Music Narrator Across the nation people are joining PENFED Credit Union and getting more from their mortgages.
We offer low rates and superior service to give our members the power to purchase their perfect home.
And everyone is welcome to apply.
Visit PENFED.org.
Narrator Imagine a visibly healthier pet in 28 days.
Purina One.
Natural ingredients in powerful combinations.
For radiant coats sparkling eyes.
Purina One one visibly healthy pet.
Try new digestive health with probiotics for dogs.
Narrator Lara Logan investigates the ongoing border crisis tonight at 500.
If you or a loved one is involved in a car accident you have two choices.
Choice number one is to do nothing and hope that the insurance company doesnt take advantage of you.
Choice number two is to call me William McCaskill.
Ill make sure that your medical bills are paid.
Ill make sure that youre compensated for your lost wages.
Ill make sure that youre compensated for your pain and suffering.
Call me William McCaskill at 2407244494.
Id like to represent you.
Narrator How do you celebrate the 4th of July?
Show up with a picture.
Just upload your best shots using our ABC7 News app.
Narrator At PENFED Credit Union we help you get more from your mortgage.
By offering some of the lowest rates on mortgages around.
Everyone is welcome to apply.
Visit PENFED.org.
Music PENFEDs got great rates for everyone.
Music Narrator Live 4th of July coverage.
All day on ABC7.
Announcer Today on Rachael Ray.