
Announcer A determined bachelor who needs your help to find love at six.
Announcer Its Live with Kelly and Ryan.
Today from the new film Stuber Kumail Nanjiani.
Plus television film and Broadway star Bernadette Peters.
Do you know the truth about your dog?
Some adorable adoptable pups will help us figure out the facts.
All next on Live.
Music It aint my fault that Im out here gettin loose Music And now here are Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest.
Music Blame it on my juice baby Music Music Aint my fault that Im out here making news Music Music Im the pudding in the proof Music Music Gotta blame it on my juice Music Hi there how you doin today?
Music Blame it on my juice Music Music Blame it on my juice Music Music Blame it on my juice baby Music Music Hey.
Music Happy Birthday congratulations.
Thank you all very much.
Stop.
Both We havent done anything yet.
Great minds think.
Weve been waiting two weeks to say that.
Together at the same time.
Monday July 8 2019 good morning.
Hi good morning.
You look...
Im still jetlagged.
Ive been up You look great.
Since three oclock this morning.
How about you?
Oh well were almost done.
Yeah I know I know I know.
In just than less than an hour.
Very very jetlagged.
Its funny the older you get the harder it is to flip over I feel like.
You know what I mean?
Yeah like when I go back and forth east to west.
When I do that every week when I was younger it was easier.
Now its painful.
Painful.
But you were on a European jet lag right?
Yes yes Im on European jet lag.
So its dinner time.
Im starving.
I wanna eat pasta right now.
Oh my gosh how was it?
It was great.
Let me can I show you can I bore you with some photos?
You know how I love to show you myYeah youre welcome.
Let me just say that we went home to the house where my husband grew up as a small child okay?
So we went to the house.
This was not his birthplace house.
This is where they moved when he was a small kid.
I dont know how old he is in this photo.
Im gonna say like four or five years old.
This is where they moved.
This tiny little beach town in southern Italy.
This one over here is my adorable husband right there.
Thats his brother Mike and thats my sisterinlaw Adriana.
Theres my motherinlaw right there.
Sorry about my fingernails.
They look ridiculous but these were vacation fingernails.
And thats my grandfatherinlaw who has passed away may he rest in peace.
What a beautiful picture.
So we recreated it with our group so there we are in front of the house.
They were on the inside of the fence here.
Were on the outside of the fence.
We rang the bell and nobody was home.
Nobody was home but there we are.
It was just very emotional to go back and to have these photos and to picture myWhat was Marks reaction when he got back?
He was very emotional.
He goes Its exactly the same except the trees have gotten bigger.
Its exactly as he remembered it.
We pulled up in a minivan as we video blips and we...everything is like a tiny little car so we looked like we were in a truck.
And when we pulled into the street he goes Everybodys going to come out of the front door or hang over the terraces.
And like clockwork it was like..Oh look at the tourists.
Hmm hmm.
And it was just we started playing a game count the nonnas on the terrace.
Im like how many nonnas do you think were gonna see on the terrace?
The kids were like Well see 12 nonnas on the terraces.
So anyway I took some pictures of my husband because I love to photograph him on vacationHes shirtless.
He is shirtless yes.
There he is here.
Yep mmm hmmm.
Youre welcome America and Canada youre welcome yes.
Its depressing.
Plus my kids hes by the way I just want to point out in this photo hes surrounded by my children who will no longer let me post photos of them so there he is.
Here we are we got a little lost he refused to ask for directions but he thought he could just find it himself.
It looks like an ad doesnt it?
It looks like an ad for sun Isnt that great?
Its like a RayBan ad.
Yeah its great.
I had no idea my pictures being taken.
Here he is with his there we are.
See?
Yep.
There he is with my doppleganger son of his like the two twins.
They look like boys.
There they are the boys.
Yeah.
Here they are at a wall of bougainvillea.
Finally I said to him Hey will you do me a favor because Im gonna show some of these pictures on the air will you take a picture of me because I just want to be able to prove that I was on this trip.
And so he did he took a picture of me.
I dont know if you can see it.
Thats me.
If you look past the flowers thats me floating on a pool float.
Its like a giant pillow.
They called it a ravioli.
Im not kidding they call it the floating ravioli.
But thats the one picture he took of me.
There it is.
Then I just wanted to show you snakes.
There were also snakes on this trip.
They were free.
You didnt even have to pay extra for the snakes.
You sent me a text you said one word snakes and I said oh okay.
He was like what does that mean snakes?
There are snakes.
What does that mean everywhere?
I dont know why they keep finding me.
People were like no there are no snakes here.
I go I am photographing snakes.
Theres actually a second photo of you here.
If you take a closer look I think thats you in the shadow there isnt it?
Oh yeah thats me.
Thats me.
Thank you.
Good shot.
Thanks though.
Man Very muscular.
Yeah you look very fit in that silhouette.
My shadows are very muscular.
Your shadows look great.
My shadows have a lot of curves.
Mark didnt capture you but he captured your shadow.
He did that I captured my own shadow.
Mark took a picture of plants.
Plants with someone on a floating ravioli.
I accidentally drifted by on a pool float.
How was your vacation?
It was great.
Cause you were gone a long time.
I was gone a long time as well.
I had to go overseas for a little convention for the radio show which was in Cannes.
Then I went back to L.A.for a day.
Then I went to Greece to get some sun afterwards.
Greece is the word.
Its just beautiful the people are great the food is great but during all of this something you know because Ive got this niece now every first is a big deal in the family so my sister she was so nervous about traveling with baby Flora for the first time on the plane.
So here they are.
I just wanna show you this is Jimmy and Meredith and Flora on their first flight.
Adorable.
And she was so concerned about how Flora was gonna do was she gonna manage was she gonna be a mess was she gonna be screaming and crying.
Well looks like she enjoyed herself.
I cant believe she is my size.
Shes our size.
She is our size.
That is the outfit I wore on the show last week.
I was gonna say.
laughs One of the things I discovered because you know I love to eat and snack especially when Im on vacation.
I took the clocks out of my room so I didnt know what time it was in the middle of the night or what time it was in the morning so I slept til I woke up.
Its the greatest thing ever.
You slept until I texted you.
Snakes.
Pictures of snakes.
Leave me alone.
But you know you and Mark have PB and Js all the time.
I had every day every day on vacation a PBJB.
Have you had that?
Whats a PBJB?
Peanut butter jelly and bacon.
Youre welcome as well America and Canada.
I leave you with this treat today.
Make yourself a PBJB peanut butter jelly ba.
Youre shaking are you cited?
Im so cited about that.
This is what you guys should be making every night.
Cause Mark loves to eat these in bed right?
Oh my God its his favorite thing.
But you know whats so funny is?
We were in Corsica first and then we went to Italy and we did not have access.
I mean Im sure we could have conjured up access to peanut butter and jelly but we like to eat local.
We like to eat what local people eat so we were having lots of Olive butter.
Fresh food.
Fresh fish and fresh we had pasta every day and it was homemade and we went to a farm where they make the burrata and it was incredible.
We did the whole thing.
And he of course because he was without peanut butter and jelly for two weeks lost five pounds.
Cause he needed to.
He lost five pounds.
Yeah you saw him in that shot.
Just skipping peanut butter and jelly.
Its so irritating.
Well start sneaking in no kidding I know.
I mean start sneaking the bacon in there.
Hell regain it.
Just slide it right in.
Just slide it right in.
Hell never notice.
See if he notices.
Hell never notice.
Lots of news over the last couple days.
These two earthquakes in southern California big deal.
Real serious.
There was two backtoback basically and the last one 7.1 which is eight times stronger than the first one.
Eleven times.
Eleven times stronger than the first one right?
Thats so interesting cause I was watching that on CNN.
They were explaining it.
The decimal right?
So you go okay so first one was 6.4 The Richter.
And then the 7.1 you go oh its not that much.
It doesnt seem like that much big of a shift and apparentlyIts exponential.
Its exponential.
Its that times.
Yeah every decimal is that full amount times.
Times whatever.
So it is significant.
Have you been?
Ive been in them before.
I was not there for the Northridge one I had not moved to L.A.yet.
Oh youre kidding.
But I have been there for smaller ones threes and fours and even those scare ya.
My son was out in California my oldest son and he was in L.A.proper but he said they could feel the earthquakes.
They felt them.
You kinda after you feel one you stop sleeping naked because you just never know when youre gonna have to run into the door jamb right?
Man Shoes by the side of the bed.
Shoes by the side of the bed.
But here its safe to sleep naked.
Well it depends on whose house youre in.
Well generally I like to sleep in my own.
I mean dont sleep naked in my house cause the kids will walk in at any second.
Theyll be Dont you ever put clothes on?
And Im like Dont you knock?
Anyway its so interesting.
Theres so much to talk about in sports.
I mean the Womens Soccer Incredible so great.
I who dont watch watched and I said I cannot believe Ive been missing this sport for so many years.
Its incredible right?
Yeah.
You know my husband and my kids always watch soccer and I just drifted in and out.
God they are so so good.
So good.
So good.
I was so just unabashedly happy for them.
Well theyre gonna be celebrated.
I think Wednesday theres a big parade here in the city.
Yes that would be downtown.
Downtown yeah.
Then Alex Alex Morgan shes nominated for Best Female Athlete at the ESPYs which also airs on Wednesday right?
Man Yeah.
Incredible.
On ABC yeah.
Fabulous.
So congratulations to that team.
If you havent been watching youve been missing.
Did you watch any of the tennis?
Did you see Coco?
I know so I dont follow tennis but Mark keeps saying oh my God youve gotta follow tennis because theres this young girl named Coco is it Gauff?
Who is 15 years old and is really on this winning streak at Wimbledon.
So I have a 16yearold son and my daughter who just turned 18 andYou just picturing it thinking about it.
You picture them at 15.
Any 15yearolds here 15?
Hi hi there.
So 15 give me the rundown.
What are you into?
Girl Backstreet Boys.
Backstreet Boys?
Youre into the Backstreet boys.
Its so funny we were too as teenagers.
Somebody down here was yelling what are you into?
Girl Dance.
Youre into dance?
Dance?
Are you a competitive dancer?
No.
Dont clam up now.
This is your big moment.
Girl We love to dance.
We also love musical theater and acting and singing.
Ryan Musical theater acting and singing.
Okay all right.
So I want you to picture that youreYoure at the Oscars.
Youre at the Oscars and youre on stage.
And youve just accepted.
And this is for all the marbles.
Youre about to win the Academy Award and youre 15.
How do you feel?
Are you freaking out?
Girls Yes.
This girl has no freakout apparently.
She does not freak out.
Shes so poised.
Its amazing to see as you were saying a 15yearold with that kind of poise and the talent and the skill but I too I mean I dont have kids but I too was thinking about just like howI cant get them to hang up their towel on a hook.
Yeah how disciplined how disciplined one must be as a young child.
Hang up your towel on a hook so it doesnt get mildewed.
You can use a towel more than once.
Right?
Just cause my mom used to say that I now leave them on the floor just to spite.
You just deliberately leave them on the floor.
Yeah then I have to pick them up.
Atta boy.
I cant remember in years past I was watching some of the Wimbledon and they split screen action.
Theyre very they assumeMan They do have more of that that we have a lot of capacity as viewers cause theyre watching two matches at the same time.
What do you mean?
You mean they play two matches?
I thought they split screen so you dont have to do this the whole time.
No they split screen two action shots.
They did I was like.
Theyre very ambitious and they think that I have a lot of capacity to understand whats going on but you can watch two matches at once.
I had not seen that before.
Ive seen the split where theyre volleying but this was a split of live action two different courts.
Really challenging.
I was exhaustedRight.
after watching.
It sounds exhausting.
And the whole scoring system is always challenging for me.
Because it goes in what is it 15.
It goes by 15.
Man Oh yeah 15 30.
Until you get to 40.
Yeah and Im like I dont know what comes next.
Add in add out your love my love our love we love.
Today we love the show.
Today on the show Kumail Nanjiani is with us.
Hes got a great new movie.
Its very funny Stuber.
Well see him again.
And Bernadette Peters is back.
Shes brought some pups who are up for adoption.
There is a lab mix.
Are you looking?
Im not looking but theres a lab mix and Im a sucker for a lab.
And were gonna see if we know the facts about our dogs when we play a game of Truth or Tail.
Get it?
I got it.
Get it?
But now its time for Stump the Hosts travel trivia.
Lets do it.
Audience Stump the Hosts.
Music Yeah yeah yeah Music Music foreign language Music Music Dont stop the party Music Music Yeah yeah yeah Music Oh yeah.
Christine Mills from Bohemia is that right?
Bohemia Long Island.
Yay woo hoo.
Ryan Long Island.
Bohemia that sounds like where I wanna live.
Christine Its very exotic.
Yeah.
Yeah youre very bohemian.
All right today both our studio audience and you watching at home can weigh in on which statement you think is true.
Go to KELLYANDRYANNOW.COM to vote and just for voting you could have a chance to win your own Kelly  Ryan mug.
Oh look at it.
There she is.
Look at her.
Just look at its majesty.
So weve got Mitzi Hovre from Dripping Springs Texas on the phone who watches us on KVUE.
Good morning Mitzi how are you?
Mitzi Hi Im good.
How are yall?
Were great.
Were good thanks.
What are you up to this morning?
Mitzi Good.
Oh I was just fixing to go running with my daughter and yall called so I get to take the day off.
Were you gonna go running?
Mitzi Yeah I was gonna go running but now I dont have to.
 No you can still run.
This wont take long.
I just want you to know this phone call is gonna take about two minutes.
You shouldnt blow off your run for this.
As a matter of fact well speed it up right now so you can get to it.
Mitzi Okay.
Weve got two statements from Mitzi.
Were trying to guess which one is true.
If you stump us you win the mug okay?
Mitzi Okay.
First of her statements when I was younger I could stick my entire fist in my mouth.
Oh I know somebody that can do that.
Mitzi You do?
Yeah I do I do.
You can call me by my name.
Mitzi Oh yeah.
Can you do that too?
Ive never tried it.
If anything now is not the time.
Or I made it to the semifinals of the Dallas Cowboys Cheerleader tryouts.
Oh my gosh I so wanna believe that.
Mitzi Oh.
laughs Okay so Im looking at you.
Im trying to figure out I wish your hand was in this photo So I could see your mouth to fist ratio.
So she could scale it.
Mitzi Really we can yeah.
Okay so what was the key to making it to the semifinals in the Dallas Cowboy Cheerleader tryouts?
Mitzi Well you had to have your own vignette and you had to do it for 90 seconds and my aunt was a she was a dancer so she taught me a dance ahead of time and then you had to go and perform and you did it as a group and everybody just they played music and you just kind of dance around.
I knew what I was gonna do so I did that.
Hmmm.
Suspect.
Okay.
Man Discover her.
Yeah how did you discover your talent?
Yeah howd you discover your fistOh shoot.
Talent.
Howd you discover your fist talent?
Mitzi You know I dont know.
I just used to do that and a boy in my junior high he did it too and so we got put our pictures got put in the yearbook puttin our fists in our mouths.
Then I had to quit in high school.
I guess my fists got a little bit big cause I started ripping the sides of my mouth.
Man Ow.
That sounds dangerous.
This is taking a dark turn.
Lets see what does the audience think?
What do you guys think?
Wow.
See okay so okay.
I used to watch that show you know about the Dallas Cowboy Cheerleader tryouts they had a show on yallYall remember?
Yall wanna say yall yall remember that show?
Yall remember that?
And I remember them having a very choreographed routine that they had to memorize in like one second.
I dont remember that being able to freestyle.
I agree and I thoughtMitzi You know the freestyle is the very beginning one.
Thats the preround and then the semifinals is when they teach you a dance Now were in trouble.
Mitzi and then you do a kick routine Man All right lock it in guys.
Lock it in.
and youre Mitzi Performing in front of the judges.
But thats not what you said when I questioned you under intensive questioning Mitzi.
Man Lock it in.
Remember I said.
I was right here.
Right you were here for it.
I was here I was right here.
We were all right here the witnesses.
All right what are we going with?
I dont know.
Originally I thoughtI wanna say fist in mouth.
Thats what I thought too.
And because Im looking at her great beautiful wide smile Which also could work to the cheerleading thing but I think its fist in mouth guys.
Were going against the audience.
What do you thinK?
Is it fist in mouth?
Mitzi Thats true.
Got it.
Go with the gut always right?
You havent lost it you got it.
I still got it.
Well even though you didnt win the mug were gonna spin the wheel and see what youre playing for here.
Still got it.
Be nice though if you could do that yeah.
All right what do we have?
Ooh this is a great prize.
The JW Marriott Cancun Resort and Spa in Mexico.
Seven days six nights in a premium oceanview room.
It includes 1400 food and beverage credit a spa treatment per person.
Its a prize valued at 7500.
You have 20 seconds and only one guess Mitzi.
Good luck.
Mitzi Okay thanks.
Okay Mitzi on Fridays show we talked with Ricky Gervais.
In what town outside London did Ricky say he lives?
Mitzi Okay what town?
Oh it was Hampstead.
You got it.
Yes.
Announcer Congratulations you and a guest will enjoy seven days and six nights lounging in oncoast luxury at JW Marriott Cancun Resort and Spa boasting an extensive selection of upscale combinations.
Guests will enjoy endless beaches through turquoise waters expansive pools a variety of onsite restaurants creating fresh and authentic tastes a Mayaninspired spa and much more.
Your prize is valued at approximately 7500.
That looks great.
Woo.
Mitzi Whoa thank yall thank you so much.
Congratulations.
Mitzi I have kind of a sad story.
We came to New York we planned our trip around yall last year and then you know cause you cant get tickets until a few months ahead of time they dont put it on there and then we were there right when yall were gone.
We were gonna come.
Ohhh.
You mean for vacation.
Man Yeah but now you have a betterBut listen.
But now youre gonna take vacation.
Youre gonna take a trip and tickets are not hard to get.
Theyre free.
Right well put you on the list.
Mitzi Thanks yall.
Oh theyre not easy.
Well put you you know what but shes on the phone with us.
We can put her on hold and give her tickets for when she comes back.
Man Yeah if shes here well give her tickets.
Yeah well putWere gonna work this out and get you on your run okay?
Mitzi Oh thank you.
All right Mitzi listen.
One more thing.
You have to help us make the day of a lucky member of our studio audience whos gonna receive a 500 gift certificate from Barnes  Noble so please pick a number between one and 212.
Mitzi Okay number 28.
Which one?
Mitzi 28.
Both 28.
Right there.
Congratulations.
Mitzi have a good job.
Thanks for watching enjoy your trip.
Well be right back with Kumail Nanjiani.
Music ...here gettin loose Music Music Gotta blame it on the goose Music Announcer Still ahead on Live well test our dog knowledge with Bernadette Peters and some adoptable pups.
Well go to the inbox here comes the questions.
Coming up next Kumail Nanjiani.
Announcer Most days this is just a grip like this is just a curve and this a toy.
But here it becomes something more.
Its the instant she knows shes got this.
Its when he finally beats dad.
And when his dayKelly Wrestling superstar Dave Bautista please welcome Kumail Nanjiani.
Music Hey there youre an allstar Music Music Get your game on go play Music Music Hey now youre a rock star Music Music Get the show on get paid Music Woo Hi hi good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you again.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
Guys why is it so smoky in here?
What is going on?
Thank you for noticing.
Apparently they are special effects for our trivia game.
You can injure a lot of people with this fist in mouth chat.
Do you know it?
Can I do that?
Yeah Im asking.
No.
Im not gonna try it nice try.
No.
Now you as I shook your hand I notice that youve got...dont believe that its a flying saucer.
I believe that its an unidentified flying object which could beWell you think like a saucer and a teacup.
Yeah no.
Its not that.
No I dont believe that theyWe are arguing about the shape of it?
I believe that there I dont even and the military says that they dont know but I think they have to know right?
I like that youre airquoting everything.
They dont know but they have to know.
But they have to know.
But they yeah whisper.
Whisper they wont hear us.
Did you recently throw the first pitch at the baseball game?
I threw the first pitch yeah.
Ryan Did it go over the plate?
Kelly Okay wait wait wait.
Kumail It went over the plate.
Okay can we show that picture one more time?
That looks like a staged photo like they almost superimposed your head onto an action shot.
Yeah Im in front of a green screen.
I threw out the first pitch.
Thats a great shot.
That photographer was amazing.
Every picture from there I look like Robert Redford or something.
Its terrifying isnt it?
Ive done a night.
How did it go for you?
It didnt go over the plate.
Mmmm.
What about you?
It went over the plate.
Well it didntGood for you.
Thank you Daddy.
Thank you Daddy.
Daddy were gonna talk to Daddy.
More with Kumail about what its like to attend his first WWE wrestling match right after the plug.
Stay with us.
Announcer Still ahead on Live Bernadette Peters.
From WGLA 247 News this is Good Morning Washington.
On your side.
We begin with a breaking news alert.
And we are following breaking news right now.
Just an immense amount of rain hitting the DMV right now.
Lets get right out to John Gonzalez whos in Arlington and last time we checked in with him just some incredible images.
That red car behind you John submerged and it looks like personal belongings coming out of the doors and into the water.
Good morning.
Just a good morning and a scary situation.
Many scary situations this morning throughout the entire D.C.area.
You know we started off reporting this morning in Boyds Maryland doing something completely unrelated on the Womens World Cup and the storm came through there first and it continued down the I270 corridor and now it is coming through Arlington and the D.C.city with this unbelievable amount of rain and take a look.
This is Kennebec Street and 11th here in Arlington and you can see that car that Hundai is almost completely submerged.
There was a call.
We were hearing the scanners the emergency scanners and there was a call reported for a woman on top of a stranded vehicle.
We believe thats the case here so the woman is no longer in the vehicle no longer on the roof of the vehicle so we are hoping that shes been able to get some help.
Thats the hope and now that car is just submerged but you can see just all of the standing water here and this happened in a matter of minutes.
I mean were talking torrential rain just too much rain in a short period of time overwhelmed the area and you can see that car is now reversing.
You hear it all the time I know it sounds cliche folks turn around dont drown.
Well heres a perfect situation a perfect example of what we talk about when we say that on the air.
Heres a small vehicle another sedan similar to the one thats stuck just to the right of us trying to get through that standing water here right next to Westover Park and they are having to now reverse a very good idea but theyre gonna have to do that carefully because youve got just as much standing water now behind them.
Back to this vehicle here red Hundai you see the bag on top of the roof Steve Rudin.
Were hoping for the best.
Were hoping that the news is good that this woman was able to get out without any injuries.
We dont see any paramedics or first responders right here directly where this vehicle is.
They are up the hill a bit but just a scary situation Steve.
Just too much rain.
The manhole is just completely overwhelmed.
The sewer system just cant take this much rain.
All right John.
If we could just stay on this picture here for a moment and this is exactly what flash flooding is.
If you look at the topography youll notice that its sort of in a lowlying area here and when we looked over toward the right earlier you could see there was a bit of a hill so all this water is cascading downward and its all pooling in this one location and this is exactly what flash flooding is all about.
It doesnt take very long it happens in a flash and it could happen in a minute it could happen in two minutes and this is why you dont go across the roads.
You just dont know how deep the water is.
You might say to yourself or think hey Ive traveled this route over and over again.
Theres no problems at all.
It looks like its two or three inches.
Before you know it its six inches its ten inches its two feet of water and once you get that much water your car is going to be shot and its not gonna be working and its not a good thing.
Johnny G well let him talk to that person but this is what it looks like right now over toward Tenleytown and upper northwest D.C. National Harbor.
Heavy rain continues to fall.
This has now been going on for what 20 25 minutes with those torrential downpours.
395 heading into the city at least traffic is getting in but I do think that because of the timing of this storm the heavy rainmaker that a lot of folks have put off leaving to go to work and a lot of people thank goodness are still on vacation because theyre enjoying the long holiday weekend.
The Whitehurst looking good at least in terms of movement.
Both directions headed over toward Georgetown and this right here is over toward K Street and the Kennedy Center.
Flash flood warning does continue.
All areas inside and close to the Capital Beltway whether you are in Silver Spring or Wheaton or if you are in Anacostia Oxen Hill National Harbor Capitol Hill you get the point.
Lots of wet weather on the way.
All this slowly drifts on off toward the south.
Alexandria about another half hour to 45 minutes and then you are going to start to dry out.
Along with the heavy rain you may hear a few rumbles of thunder so if youre going to be driving about definitely use extreme caution.
Lets over to Veronica.
A good portion of our area under a flash flood emergency right now and this could last as late as two to 3 p.m.today with the storms that have been moving through with the pockets of moderate and some very heavy rain.
Flooding really is the main issue over the next couple of hours.
I wanna go back to this graphic cause it really shows the amount of rain that we have received in some portions of our area not over a 12hour period but over in just an hour to an hour and a half.
Youre looking at some of the roadways there Bradley River there where the water has at times been high.
Weve seen that high water in many locations throughout Montgomery County upwards two three four close to five inches of rain.
Theres a look at McLean close to five inches of rain which is why weve seen those water rescues occurring.
If it hasnt been high water covering the roads near you its been about the low visibility not just from the rainfall rates which have been high about one to two inches per hour but also the fog that fog deck really thickening up now.
Okay so heres the latest on radar.
This is the area that weve been tracking over the last two three hours and you can see it right here now moving just south and east of the district that southeast side of the beltway right now through Prince Georges County through Anne Arundel County but also now Charles County seeing some of that heavy rain and eventually this is going to be passing off to the northeast so we may see improving conditions but keep in mind the roads in many instances have been covered with water ponding with a lot of road spray but also the rivers and streams.
Theyre gonna continue to rise.
Whats an interesting feature right here with this weather boundary across the area you see this right here youve got this heavy rain coming south and east and then this area throughout Prince Georges County throughout Calvert and Saint Marys coming north.
Thats convergent.
Thats right along the front and that means that all that moisture in the atmosphere is pooling right along this weather boundary near us.
So for Fairfax for the district right now just south of Bowie down 301 down to 95 and areas east of Manassas thats where the heaviest rain is right now.
These are the rainfall rates at upwards two inches per hour.
Look at the visibility out there right now.
This is just one of the cameras as we have one out just a little bit showing you the Capitol in the distance where the visibilities have dropped under a half mile.
Alexandria youre seeing that heavy rain right now.
Mount Vernon and areas toward Clinton soon heading into Brandywine soon heading into Indian Head and soon also Waldorf right down 301.
So if you live in this area here throughout Charles County throughout Saint Marys and Calvert County Id say dont get on the road right now.
If you can wait about another hour and a half to two hours.
Maybe youve got a doctors appointment somewhere.
Maybe your kids have summer camp.
I tell you what folks theyre better off inside and so are you.
Youre seeing these dark shaded counties.
Thats western Howard County under a flash flood warning.
That is until 1145 p.m.Look at Montgomery County Gaithersburg Germantown Damascus area over toward Potomac Falls as well as Laurel.
This also your county under a flash flood warning.
That continues too up until 1115 so many of these going as late as noon and as mentioned right down south throughout Charles County and areas soon to be Saint Marys and Calvert County that are gonna go a little longer.
Hard to see there.
I wanna go back to that shot because really the bridge the Woodrow Wilson Bridge obscured in the distance.
This is our National Harbor camera and you can see even the top of the wheel there really obscured by the low cloud deck the visibility and the rain that has just been pouring across the area.
Heres a look at the Capitol and another look at the radar.
Right now in the District you folks if youre in Westin if youre in Adelphi if youre in Bowie you may see some improvement right now with that rain that has just been pouring but for again any of you if you live near some creeks streams rivers know that the water still could be rising quite high.
All this kind of flowing from north to south.
Heavy rain continues across the area.
Theres our I270 camera around Clarksburg Road but sitting not too far from me is Adriana Hopkins and Mel whos been with us all morning long as well keeping an eye on whats been happening on social media with this heavy rain that of course we told you about early this morning on Good Morning Washington.
Absolutely Veronica and this is where we really want to encourage everyone to follow our team on social media because we do have people all over the place.
As they were driving into work they got caught in this rain and storm We have people our crews that weve sent out to look for these areas where the roads are flooded and where there might be some water rescues happening right now.
So really We were actually on the air earlier and nothing was happening.
We were talking about were expecting rain and then all of the sudden sometime in the eight oclock hour the rain started falling very heavily and as Sam Sweeney our live reporter showed us he was out in Potomac and Montgomery County and the flash flooding just came up so suddenly on some of these back roads.
Theyre totally washed out.
Adriana Absolutely and looking here at the pictures in the video that we have from earlier this morning this is the GW Parkway that youre looking at right here and you can see just how much water there is on the roads and how this as you said Melanie happened immediately.
We knew that this was happening.
We knew it was coming but it all of a sudden just came in torrential waves of water.
This is in North Potomac right here.
When I say follow our team on social media if you follow John Gonzalez right now you can see that he is tweeting his view from Arlington right now.
He says Theres a lot of lightening.
There is torrential rain.
He said that manholes there are overwhelmed and theyve experienced a number of road closures.
There are people tweeting on social media about our Metro.
Virginia Square Metro Station has a major water leak right now.
Heres a video right now of Arlington.
You can see the visibility there is extremely poor.
The FAA has tweeted out this morning that there are several major airports affected by this weather from Miami and Fort Lauderdale all the way up north to LaGuardia and those airports that could experience delays they do include Reagan and Dulles as well.
Montgomery County dealing with a lot of creeks and streams that are overflowing with water.
This right here is right outside of our studios here in Ross and you can see people trying to make their way with these umbrellas but again this rain is heavy and it is swift and just people trying to run through it and get to some dry space.
It doesnt seem like with this system Veronica hasnt mentioned anything about thunderstorms or lightening or any high winds.
It simply has been a lot of water coming down and causing flooding problems.
Our John Gonzalez is out live for us right now.
John where are you and it looks like weve got a water rescue behind you going on.
Yeah well heres the situation.
The first responders were here Melanie the Arlington County Fire Department but theyve moved on.
Theyve got so many calls they made sure that everyone here in this neighborhood is safe and theyve moved on but you can see what was left behind.
You have neighbors helping the driver of this vehicle trying to get her belongings out of the vehicle.
A couple of minutes ago a couple of guys were gonna try to push the car back.
Not so sure thats a good idea but this is the young lady here the driver with the pink jacket.
She tells me that the car was actually parked and she came out to try to move it because she saw the rain coming in strong and the waters starting to pick up and she couldnt move it in time.
So thats the situation here on Kennebec Street and 11th.
You have a tremendous amount of standing water.
Just flash flooding at its best here and take a look at here.
This is next to the apartment building.
You have the kiddos looking out witnessing something pretty dramatic and you can see the walkway here.
The stairwell is completely flooded that leads to their apartments and just so much rain.
Thats what weve been talking about this morning.
Just so much rain in a short period of time and a tremendous amount of flooding and youve also got lightening.
This is right next to the Westover Park just to give you a lay of the land.
In fact John if you pan over to the ball field you can see the outfield of the baseball field completely under water and you have now several cars that were parked here on Kennebec that are now under water.
Some of the water is receding.
This vehicle not as submerged as it was when we first arrived about 20 minutes ago.
Thats the good news with some of these storms.
You get the water comes in the flash flooding and then the waters recede pretty quickly but its very very dangerous.
We saw a man trying to go down the road here.
He quickly realized not a good idea and he reversed.
We were able to talk to him on camera.
He says he had an appointment he had to get to but he realized it was just way too dangerous not worth it and you can see some of these vehicles are literally turning around as they see the standing water here at 11th and Kennebec in Arlington.
All of this started in the Boyds Maryland area Frederick County and it moved down the I270 corridor.
We were actually live up there doing a story on the women winning the World Cup and the storm was almost following us as we came back down into Arlington and here you have it now coming through Arlington and D.C.Just a tremendous amount of rain.
A very scary situation here but the good news is the driver is okay.
Johnny you mentioned that youve been caught in the rain ever since this morning when you were in Boyds Maryland and suddenly the rain just poured down on you during one of our live shots.
Explain what you have seen so far from that moment then you moved down to Arlington and then where you are now how did you see that weather progress and change?
You know we had a live report coming up at around seven oclock this morning and we saw those clouds moving in and I told my photographer John somethings about to drop here we better take some cover and within minutes the rain just came down lightening.
Its interesting to watch almost like watching a radar as we were driving down 270 onto the beltway we can see the storm behind us literally following us and now we are here in Arlington and it caught up to us and this is what its creating.
This is the same kind of situation we were witnessing up north in upper Montgomery County Gaithersburg Germantown a number of road closures because of this very thing flash flooding and now it has hit D.C.and Arlington and this is the situation.
Youve got not necessarily cars that were on the road driving but cars that were parked and are now in the middle of the road.
Thats how powerful this water can be.
When you have a tremendous amount of water the power is just enormous.
You have now a gentleman whos pulled up in a pickup truck here.
It looks like hes getting ready to help this young lady try to get this car out of here.
But just a dramatic scene.
When we first got here we were concerned that there were people inside maybe children because you have little stuffed animals that came out of the car personal belongings that literally floated away.
But the good news again weve been able to talk to the driver she didnt want to talk on camera but just a startling morning for her.
She says again she saw the standing water.
She saw the road quickly submerged and she tried to move her car and it was just too late.
She did not have enough time.
All right John you know we were watching the situation unfold behind you with that car and its really a little difficult for us to assess just how heavily the rain is coming down looking at the TV screen.
What would you say right now?
Is it a moderate rainfall?
Is is tapering off any?
I dont wanna use the word tapering off.
Its lighter than it was about 20 minutes ago here in Arlington but its still raining a good amount.
I dont know if you can see it off the umbrella here.
Its still coming down at a good clip.
Not torrential the way we saw it in Boyds this morning and as we came down the I270 corridor into the beltway but again still a tremendous amount of rain.
You can probably see it on top of the standing water.
The drops falling on the standing water so that gives you an idea of just how much rain were still getting Veronica in this area.
Again these gentlemen here trying to help this lady Veronica were gonna try to move the car on their own and good thing they didnt because thats never a good idea.
Yeah Johnny that is actually just an amazing shot.
Of course weve seen some other water rescues going on across the area similar to that.
Wanna go ahead and if we can split the screen again and put the video back up because one thing I want you to know.
I was in Ellicott City Maryland for both flash flood events flash flood emergency events.
Thats why its called flash flooding because it can occur in a flash where you have that much water that accumulates so quickly.
That shot not as dramatic as the shot that we were just seeing there with Johnny Gonzalez but again thats the reason that we call it flash flooding where the water comes up in a hurry has nowhere to go.
Especially if youre in an area if youre traveling through an area or if you live in an area with a lot of concrete the ground cannot pick up that water.
It cannot take in that water and you know weve had six backtoback days with heavy rain during the afternoon with some of these summer storms.
Well theres a look at the capital wheel.
Again youre saying what capital wheel?
Where is it?
Its on the far lefthand portion of your screen really hard to see as heavy rain continues through the nations capital here in the Capital Metro area and theres a look in fact of the Capitol dome.
Youre seeing just a little bit of it in the distance there in that bright white.
What typically is morning for us where by this time we can see a little better over the last hour and a half to two hours weve seen that heavy rain make its way through the area.
Heres a look at Clarksburg Road.
This is I270 where some of the heaviest has already come through but I betcha if youre in northern western Montgomery County youre probably still seeing the creeks streams all still continue to come up across the area.
Heres a look at the radar loop.
You heard Johnny Gonzalez say where he was this morning up in Frederick County Maryland.
This is where he was earlier.
Hes really traveled with that line down to the south into the metro area now just south and east about ready to pull into portions of northern Charles County.
Look at Dunkirk still some lightening with that near 301 and south of Bowie so we may see improvement conditions to the north here around Damascus around Gaithersburg Laurel Ellicott City but still down to the south where those flash flood warnings continue and flash flood emergency all the way south now into Charles County just past noon today until 1 p.m. well continue to have that threat of flash flooding.
Lets go back to Johnny Gonzalez who has more on that water rescue.
And Veronica were seeing some progress.
Just in the last few minutes an update.
You can see the Hundai Elantra here is now out of the water but well you can see its got some drying out to do.
This car was almost completely submerged when we arrived the driver telling us that the car was parked here on Kennebec Street and 11th.
She saw the water starting to pick up and she tried to move it but she didnt have enough time and this gentleman here Mike came by in his Ford F150.
You didnt get called you just happened to come across this.
No I was running an errand this morning and I got caught in it and I was stuck in traffic everywhere and then I figured Id be close to home and then I saw them locked up and I always say its not bad weather its bad preparation so you always got the gear with you got the frog togs and just decided to cruise around and see if there is anything I can do in my neighborhood.
You made pretty quick work of this.
How dangerous is something like this when you have folks that may be driving.
We saw a guy try to get through something like this.
You seem like youre maybe more experienced than others in a situation like this.
How dangerous can this be?
Well you know theres always a risk when youre trying to ford a river or any sort of standing water and its around here I figured I know the landscape pretty well I know how deep the roads are.
You can see some certain points like halfway up a fire hydrant might only be a couple feet deep so you can use some sort of inferences to know how deep it is but its always a risk.
Unless you have a larger vehicle I wouldnt recommend it especially with some of the smaller lowprofile sedans and whatnot.
Mike thanks so much and again thanks for helping this young lady get out of the water.
John if you pan the camera you can see her now trying to collect some of her personal belongings that literally floated out of the vehicle and even in the last couple of minutes since we last talked Veronica you can see what I said earlier.
These...been talking about the flash flooding and as quickly as it comes through the water recedes.
In about 10 minutes theres not gonna be any problem here.
Youre gonna see not a dry road but no standing water and thats whats amazing about a situation like this.
That quickly in just a matter of minutes you can find yourself in a big problem and again you have vehicles at the top of the hill here on Kennebec trying to well theyre attempting but that vehicle there the black SUV doing the smart thing turning around and that white vehicle there you go.
You dont wanna try to cross something like this because it just takes a matter of seconds to get yourself in a lot of trouble.
Veronica back to you inside.
Thats right and thats why on days when we talk about the possibility of flash flooding when we say that the area is under a flash flood watch thats when you need to prepare early in the day and thats why its a good idea to stay with Storm Watch 7 always have that Storm Watch 7 weather app ready to go.
Make sure the notifications are turned on because should there be a flash flood emergency you bet my phone went off this morning several times with all the warnings and emergencies that we already had.
So how much longer again until two 3 p.m.today big story today is that heavy rain that very heavy rain that will continue to move through our area.
Ive put on a couple of amounts here in terms of rainfall of what weve seen already.
Look at Addison Height 2.4 inches of rain.
2.8 inches of rain just south of Halls Hill area and just north of McLean close to 5 inches of rain.
Again this not in a 12or 24hour period a lot of times when we show those amounts but this in an hour to an hour and a half.
So all that rain comes up very quickly comes out of the storm drains where the storm drains cant take the water so it just sits on the road and increases very quickly.
Just in a foot of road can start to carry your car away in two feet of water very easily.
So that much water dont ever attempt to drive across a flooded road.
Look at western portions of Montgomery County there around Rockville.
This is just west of 270 3.4 inches of rain.
These are some of the totals throughout and this loop over the last three hours were doing a little better here in Loudoun County.
In Montgomery County you heard Johnny Gonzalez just mention how things are starting to improve.
The water starting to recede but itll take some time perhaps for the creeks the rivers the streams if you live anywhere there.
I know your kids out of school today.
Maybe theyre not at summer camp.
Make sure theyre not in the backyard playing near those if you live in some of these areas cause again weve already had a number of water rescues.
Your heaviest rain now with some lightening right here coming through Prince Georges County right around 301 crossing over making its way very slowly to the east and southeast so soon Waldorf soon Dunkirk and eventually Prince Frederick making its way south from Bowie and south of Annapolis you folks doing a bit better.
So were gonna see improving conditions on area roads but that too is going to take awhile.
Heavy rain now Alexandria south to Mount Vernon.
Thats right down Route One.
Some heavy rain too around areas of 301.
This is south of Silver Hill and down toward the Clinton area and Franconia so if you live in these areas stay put.
Treat it just as you would a severe thunderstorm warning or for that matter any elevated severe warning that we get on the air and issue for you.
This is kind of a life and death situation with so much rain that is falling across the area.
For Howard County you stay under that flash flood warning until 1145.
Thats western portions of Howard County but even around Ellicott City and east toward Catonsville or up toward Baltimore.
Probably still some ponding on area roads.
Then right down the south through the District.
Thats Bowie thats down toward Charles County.
That is where all this is going.
Again very slowly.
This whole again started three hours ago and were still dealing with a heavy rain across the area.
So lets talk about whats next for us.
That is maybe some improving visibility by the time we get to noon.
Right now its at a mile and a half in D.C.Just a couple minutes ago I was on the air showing you a half mile and its improved to Joint Base Andrews right now down at a half mile visibility.
So throughout the day today were gonna stay on a weather alert at least until noon maybe one two oclock before improving conditions.
That rain isnt probably gonna end until about three four oclock.
The rain easing and then eventually clearing.
So again the very latest is several flash flood emergencies continue across the area.
I know Steve Rudin youre standing by with more on some of the rainfall totals and whats happening on social media right now.
Yeah and VJ before we get to see we wanna show you everybodys been talking about this rain and theyve been tweeting out some amazing pictures so lets take a look at some of the flooding that were seeing around our region and over on the right side of your screen it looks like we got a picture of an interstate there and its just a wet mess.
Here you can see a closer up picture with some ponding and where is this exactly?
Adriana This is Sam Sweeneys pictures that hes tweeting out on social media.
You can follow him at sweeneyabc.
Basically this is right outside of Dulles and the FAA has already sent out a tweet to everyone letting people know that if youre flying out check your flight times because they could be delayed.
Several areas right now dealing with some bad weather from Miami and Fort Lauderdale all the way up north to LaGuardia.
Reagan and Dulles the FAA says could have some delays because of this weather.
But this is what youre seeing around Dulles.
Just the flash flooding and the flooding there and Steve you were talking just a minute ago while Veronica was updating everyone in terms of the radar.
How much rain have we seen and in how much time?
There have been jackpot zones and Veronica and I have been showing you all morning long those jackpot zones in Arlington over toward McLean over toward Potomac.
Then you head over into eastern Montgomery County where not as much rain has fallen but upwards of two to four inches that is the safe bet right now but I would not be surprised...