
Presenter Read verified reviews and easily request multiple quotes.
Find all the pros you need to know at angielist.com.
Hi.
Woman Look at how great you look.
Thank you.
Ive been on a diet for as long as I can remember.
I even cut out bread and pasta for a day.
I decided something needed to change and then I tried Noom.
Noom worked for me.
Its an easy to stick to program that actually changed my habits.
They say its based on a cognitive behavioral approach.
I just say it works.
It just clicked it works.
It worked with Noom.
Presenter Visit noom.com and lose the weight for good.
Man I cant tell you who I am or what I witnessed but I can tell you Liberty Mutual customized my car insurance so I only pay for what I needed.
Oh no no no no no.
Presenter Only pay for what you need.
Music Liberty Liberty Liberty Liberty Music Presenter If you live with diabetes why finger stick when you can scan?
With the FreeStyle Libre 14 day system just scan the sensor with your reader iPhone or Android and manage your diabetes.
With a FreeStyle Libre 14 day system a continuous glucose monitor you can check your glucose levels any time without finger sticks.
Ask your doctor to write a prescription for the FreeStyle Libre 14 day system.
You can do it without finger sticks.
Learn more out freestylelibre.us.
If you bought a timeshare for your family by now youve learned the ugly truth.
Timeshares are the only thing that you can buy that you dont know how much its gonna cost or when its gonna end.
Its like giving them a blank check for annual maintenance and assessment fees.
Sounds crazy right?
The ugly truth is that this never ends.
Even when you die your family will be stuck with this burden.
Hello Im Church McDowell and 10 years ago I founded Wesley Financial Group with one goal in mind helping good folks just like you cancel their timeshare contract.
And what that means for you and your family no more mortgage payments no more maintenance fee surprises and no more timeshare.
So call today.
The call is free the information kit is free and I guarantee if we cant cancel your timeshare contract youll pay nothing.
Presenter You can legally get out of your timeshare.
For your free information kit explaining how call 8003958811 5003958811.
Presenter The app today.
How do you learn how to run when youve never done anything remotely like this before?
Were prepare to do it in a novel way in an original way and we wanna make sure were writing our own playbook.
Do you think we should keep troops in Afghanistan?
I do not and I believe that we need to it though in a responsible way.
Where do you see your party right now?
Its going to be how do we think government should work and who do we think government should work for.
It was July 2017 when Donald Trump just months into his presidency visited France on Bastille Day.
He attended a military parade at Emmanuel Macrons side.
He was impressed.
The military might the soldiers the tanks he wanted his own parade.
Two years later it looks like he is getting his wish.
Here in Washington the Lincoln Memorial is being prepped for a Trumpbranded July 4th spectacular including a speech a possible Air Force One flyover and you guessed it tanks.
Theres not only concern about the potential partisan nature of the Presidents event but those tanks have also proven a bit tricky for the Commander in Chief.
Here he was yesterday.
Were gonna have some tanks stationed outside.
You gotta be pretty careful with the tanks because the roads have a tendency not to like to carry heavy tanks so we have to put em in certain areas.
But we have the brand new Sherman tanks and we have the brand new Abram tanks and we have some incredible equipment military equipment on display brandnew and were very proud of it.
So a couple issues here for the President.
One Sherman tanks have not been in active service since the 1950s.
Problem two the tanks that are coming weigh about 60 tons each and there is very real concern that they could do major damage to the capital citys streets bridges and of course our countrys famed National Mall.
Joining me now Washington Post Senior Affairs correspondent Juliet Eilperin and former Senior Advisor to Ash Carter and Professor at Amherst College Mark Jacobson.
Juliet were gonna talk with Mark here in a second about the tanks but first the concerns potentially here about partisanship on what is typically a patriotic holiday celebrated by all Americans Kellyanne Conway this morning insisted that it would be apolitical.
Take a look.
This is a public event its open to the public.
The public is welcome to come and celebrate our great country the greatest democracy the Constitution all the amendments not just the 1st Amendment that seems to interest you only the 2nd Amendment all the other but really just the birth of this country the greatest democracy that ever lived.
Im not gonna allow you to politicize it.
Fair to say that it is open to the public however there is the VIP section right up front where typically anyone would be able to be in that area of the Mall to watch the fireworks if you got there early enough.
But now the RNC has gotten tickets and the DNC tells our Peter Alexander that they havent received an allotment of tickets for that area at all.
It kind of undermines this argument.
Sure the fact that theres limited VIP seating which we reported on last week shows you that really that there are some political elements.
Now the RNC we checked with them today theyre arguing that in the same way that if a Democrat was in the White House they would give tickets to their party.
That these things happen for White House holiday tours for things like that thats accurate although again those are where you have limits on who can be here.
This traditionally has been an entirely open event and its now being modified to have limited access in part of the Mall.
Kasie And we are of course gonna get a speech from the President I mean its hard to argue that any speech in this kind of a forum would be an apolitical one.
Well one of the things is it really will matter what he says whether he refers to for example any of the Democrats who are currently running for president in 2020 whether he talks about polling those are all comments that could trigger this provision where under federal appropriations law you cant use public resources for political purposes and if they deem that part of this is a political speech the campaign Trumps presidential reelection campaign might have to reimburse the U.S.Treasury for some of the expenses of this event.
So speaking of those expenses Mark Jacobson these tanks are logistically difficult to get here.
This is also gonna cost the US military not an insignificant amount of money.
Were not exactly sure how much but does the military community kind of agree here with the President that this is a good idea?
I suspect the military community and going based on conversations Ive had with those on active duty and veterans theres a a mixed view on this.
One if you look at this entire week this should just be blip compared to all the mistakes Trump seems to have made on the national security front but at the same time you a National Park Service thats in debt already well theres a cost that they cant bear.
You have a bunch of troops who thought they were gonna spend July 4th with their families who are no longer going to spend July 4th with their families and as suggested before this is exactly the opposite of what the founding fathers meant in terms of symbolism.
I mean the United States was born of a fear of a standing army the 4th of July has never been a military celebration its a celebration of political independence and the ideals of the enlightenment in this traditionally American way.
Its not supposed to look like North Korea or the Soviet Union and thats what Trumps set up here.
Thats a great point about our founding fathers and the way they envisioned this holiday and what freedom at the time from England actually meantIf I could theres a great Erma Baumbach quote where the late humorist she talks about 4th of July is about potato salad and hot dogs and isnt it great that we live in a country where we dont have to have a parade with guns and troops and tanks and that that the true patriotism on this day is feeling like youve eaten too much.
And thats freedom.
John McCain theres a nonprofit organization thats gonna print out shirts that feature the USS John McCain.
Whats your take on the symbolism of that?
Is seems as though the White House certainly wants to make sure that the people right in front of the President are supporting him.
As you will recall there was this mission accomplished moment during the visit to Japan where the USS John McCain was supposedly gonna have its name hidden and its sailors werent invited to the presidential address.
I think thats again is a way of poking back at the President.
Again its a day where we celebrate our freedoms including freedom of speech freedom of expression.
I think again the White House should just have Trump go golfing.
Thats what presidents actually do on July 4th.
They go golf.
This would be a great day to do it not to get involved sit in the White House which used to have a great view of the fireworks and leave this a celebration of the American people by the American people.
All right Juliet Eilperin Mark Jacobson thank you guys both very much for your perspectives and reporting today.
Coming up next Hispanic Caucus Chair Joaquin Castro joins me to talk about what he witnessed during a tour yesterday of a Texas border facility.
Heres what he said just moments after that tour.
One of the women said that she was told by an agent to drink water out of the toilet.
These are the conditions that have been created by the Trump administration.
These are the inhumane conditions that folks are facing.
In America every car is a declaration of independence and to celebrate our nations birthday well do it at Daytona.
In a 200 mile per hour blur of red white and blue.
Presenter Thanks Golden Corral.
Dan get his slow smoked sirloin and my little trio are as happy as shrimp.
Oops clams and mom got it all hook line and sirloin.
The slowest smoked sirloin and shrimp trio.
Golden Corral the only one for everyone.
As a real estate agent Ive learned its excess moisture that causes musty odor.
Pro tip use DampRid.
Presenter New DampRid drop in tabs attract and trap excess moisture out of the air eliminating musty odors.
Works every time.
Presenter Get rid of dampness.
Music DampRid Music Presenter Lets get down to business the business of family time and down time and you time and forgetting what time it is altogether.
Modernized Comfort Inns and Suites have been refreshed because when your business is making time our business is you.
Get the lowest price guaranteed on all Choice Hotels when you book direct at choicehotels.com.
Music Imagine me and you and you and me so happy together Music Music I cant see me loving nobody Music Music But you for all my life Music Here you go little guy.
A cockroach can survive submerged underwater for 30 minutes.
Wow.
Yeah.
Not getting in today.
Presenter Terminix defenders of home.
You know that expensive watch you always wanted?
It only costs a fraction of the price to make.
We thought that was crazy.
So we made our own watch company.
We created unique watch designs launched online at fair prices developed new styles shipped to over 160 countries around the world and created a community now you dont have to overpay for a nice watch.
Instead join the movement.
Shop now at mvmt.com Presenter Take Prilosec OTC and take control of heartburn.
So you dont have to stash antacids here here or here kick your antacid habit with Prilosec OTC one pill a day 24 hours zero heartburn.
Pain thinks it makes the rules.
But the rules just changed.
New Icy Hot lidocaine dry spray.
Instant dry technology no mess no residue fastacting relief.
Rise from pain.
Music Limu Emu Music Presenter And Doug.
What do all these people have in common Limu?
Exactly nothing.
Theyre completely different people.
Thats why they need customized car insurance from Liberty Mutual theyll only pay for what they need.
Yes and they could save a ton.
Weve done it again Limu.
Only pay for what you need.
Music Liberty liberty liberty liberty Music Presenter Mesothelioma its all we do.
With nine offices across the country we are large enough to take on big corporations.
Let us come meet with you.
Call us at 18005001895 thats 18005001895.
At Timeshare Exit Team weve helped thousands of people get out of their timeshares forever.
Timeshare Exit Team sent us a letter saying that we were free and clear of the timeshare.
So that was a time to celebrate.
If youre unhappy with your timeshare we would love to help you find a way out.
Presenter Call 18008373110.
Presenter A free case review.
At this hour nationwide demonstrations are underway with protestors demanding the closures of detention facilities holding migrant children and families.
Advocacy groups organized more than 150 demonstrations.
Some outside of congressional district offices.
While others gathered outside of detention facilities.
The protests follow reports of poor conditions inside some migrant detention facilities in Texas.
And visits to those facilities by Democratic members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus just yesterday.
This as customs and border protection has launched an investigation following a ProPublica report exposing a secret Facebook group of current and former border patrol in it members reportedly mocked the death of migrants and posted sexist memes.
We should note that NBC News has not verified the Facebook group or seen the posts.
Joining me now MSNBC correspondent Gabe Gutierrez.
Gabe youre in El Paso I understand speaking with pediatricians that have treated migrant children released from custody what are they telling you about how these kids are doing?
Hi there Kasie well were outside of Annunciation House and weve been coming to this shelter for the past year or so since the family separation crisis of last year and they deal with a lot of migrants.
They take in a lot of migrants that have been processed by CBP and by ICE and they end up at this shelter before theyre sent away all across the country as they await their asylum proceedings and what were hearing now is over the last couple of weeks theyve gone from taking about 1000 migrants a day now its about 100 150.
But were also speaking with some of the pediatricians that are treating some of these children including Dr.Lisa AyoubRodriquez.
YOure a local pediatrician at a local hospital and you are treating some of these children very young children while theyre in CBP custody if theyre hospitalized and then after correct?
So tell me what are you seeing?
Thats right for the last several months weve had the privilege to be able to take care of children who while are in CBP custody if they need to be hospitalized they go to the hospital and we care for them or if after they are discharged from CPB custody and theyre in Annunciation House if they need to be admitted to the hospital we take care of them there as well.
We see a lot of common childhood illnesses in this population a lot of influenza stomach bugs those kinds of things.
The population is really unique in that they get a little bit sicker because they already are a little compromised in that theyre dehydrated their nutrition isnt as expected so they have the potential to be sicker faster.
When we toured the Clint Texas border patrol station last week we werent allowed to talk to these children.
Members of Congress have now been there and they are telling stories of their communication with these children.
What have you heard some of these parents some of these children have you heard anything that troubles you?
Yeah I often talk to the families who have been in CPB custody and ask them a little bit about what their time there has been like.
Most recently a met a young mom who had a newborn baby and who was talking about the challenges of keeping her little newborn warm so they had given her a plastic blanket and the baby was in a onesie but really she was snuggling with the baby and she was like I just couldnt keep the baby warm just despite whatever I did I just couldnt keep my baby warm she talked about the little hands and the feet being blue which was troubling to me and thats just a simple basic human need that concerned me.
Thank you Dr.AyoubRodriguez and one last question based on your experience and your opinion should children this young be kept in these types of holding facilities?
No children should be in a holding facility.
They need access to their basic needs.
If their child is sick they need access to medical care by a trained pediatric professional.
Really its not a place for any kid to be.
Dr.thank you for speaking with us.
So Kasie this the ongoing situation down here on the border earlier we were at that border patrol station in Clint Texas of course as you mentioned that controversy following the ProPublica report.
This appears to be a debate with no end in sight.
Kasie.
Absolutely heartbreaking to hear about an infant so cold that their hands and feet turn blue.
Gabe Gutierrez thank you very much as always for your reporting on this.
When the delegation of Democratic lawmakers toured those migrant detention centers along the border they were told to surrender their devices before they would be allowed to enter the facilities.
But Congressman Joaquin Castro of Texas was able to sneak a phone in with the consent of the women in custody Castro filmed their small cell which included a toilet but no running water.
He posted the images on Twitter saying quote many said they had not bathed for 15 days.
Some had been separated from children.
Some had been held for more than 50 days.
Several complained that they had not received their medication.
Joining me now Texas Democratic Congressman Joaquin Castro.
Congressman Castro is the Chairman of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus.
Congressman thank you for being here today.
Yeah thanks for having me.
So I wanna start with the basics here.
I think its hard for a lot of Americans to wrap their heads around the idea that you as members of Congress regardless of what party you may belong to arent able to go into facilities that our government is paying for and actually document what you see.
What did it take for you to get your phone into this facility so that those images could get out there?
I just kept in my pocket when they told us to put it on the table.
We asked them repeatedly we challenged them and asked them what law allows them to force us to keep our phones and cameras away from the facility and the border patrol chief there couldnt give us an answer in fact there was a lawyer there and she couldnt give us an answer and so at that point as far as Im concerned they have no right to try to keep legislators who are entrusted with oversight of their agency from documenting what they see.
Particularly given whats at stake and given whats going on right now.
So what in your view could possibly be the explanation?
I think it strikes a lot of people that they simply dont want anyone to find out what is actually going on.
And I think that thats right.
I think that theyre scared.
I think that the reason things dont change the way they should is because these things are kept secret.
For example there was a point at which we were in one of tents that was empty.
They had already moved everybody out and these are dark tents with chainlink fences and when the search happened they had maybe 100 200 people in there and they had said you cant take pictures because you cant violate the privacy of these children.
And so we said okay well this tent is empty.
Theres nobody in here.
Can we take a photo of the tent?
And they said no you cant take a photo of the tent.
It doesnt make any sense.
Theyre trying to keep everything secret.
So they are of course pushing back on some of the claims that youve heard from these women that you show in your video and from others that you spoke to.
Do you have any reason not to believe what these migrant detainees told you?
I dont they spoke sincerely.
In fact there was a point where one of the women who was Cuban she spoke some English and in front of all of us many of the legislators and also several CBP officers she challenged them very directly and said that they were not telling the truth about the standard of care and the treatment and she said that some of the agents had used derogatory words language against the women.
Now Im not saying that she said that all of the agents did that but she said that it sounded to me like a few of them had.
So she very directly challenged them in front of all us and thats one of the reasons that these women were scared of retribution.
But if theres a dispute about what the truth is in those facilities then I think theres a very easy way to solve that.
They have cameras up in all of those rooms.
They can simply put out the video from all those cameras and they can let the press do their jobs and go inside there and the press can be the tiebreaker about whats going on.
So the government has footage of whats gone on in these facilities?
Theyve been videotaping all of this is on camera and yet we as the American public just cant see it?
Yeah look they knew that I was taking a picture of those folks.
They knew that I pulled my camera out.
Im sure somebody was watching me in that room.
I saw the overhead camera right there.
There were probably five agents that were watching that.
So they have footage of all of that.
So to pick up on another point that you were making.
You said in this facility there were border patrol agents or personnel that have been accused of behaving frankly in way thats not becoming of people who wear a uniform of the United States.
Theres also been ProPublica reporting on a secret Facebook group that many border patrol agents and former agents are a member of where they have said some pretty despicable things allegedly and that there is now an investigation going on.
What should happen to the people who are found to be making these kinds of comments and be treating people this way?
Well the people that made those very direct comments about some of the members of Congress about some of the people that were entrusted in their care they are desensitized to the point of being dangerous to the migrants and also to their coworkers and they need to be relieved of duty.
They really should not be wearing any uniform that represents the United States of America.
And also the agents that were on there that did not turn those people in need to be dealt with and held accountable in some way also.
Do you take any issue with how your Democratic leaders in Congress handled the recent funding bill to try and help alleviate this crisis?
I mean the money that ultimately is gonna be spent as part of that bill doesnt have some of the restrictions that Democrats wanted many progressives were very angry about how that all played out.
Do you feel as though your leadership acted in bad faith and did Congress give too much to the Trump administration as they claim that theyre trying to deal with this?
Well I think they mostly ran up against a buzzsaw Mitch McConnell and President Trump who dont care very much for the people that are in those detention centers.
Theres no question that we needed stronger safeguards or guardrails around that money so that it cant be transferred out and away from humanitarian aid and also we also needed not just to pump a bunch more cash into these facilities for example when we passed through some of the walkways we saw stacks of granola bars.
I looked in another cell and there was a family that was eating ramen they were huddled on the floor eating ramen noodles.
So its not just about more cash for them to buy ramen noodles and granola bars.
You have to change the medical standards and also the standards of care and treatment and unfortunately in that Senate bill that finally passed there isnt enough of that we need to do a better job.
All right Texas congressman Joaquin Castro thank you very much for your time today sir.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
Coming up next the Presidents quest to not be forgotten.
Presenter Parents have a way of imagining the worst.
Especially when your easily distracted teenager has the car.
At Subaru were taking on distracted driving with sensors that alert you when your eyes are off the road.
The all new Subaru Forester.
The safest Forester ever.
Presenter Your brain changes as you get older.
But Prevagen helps your brain with an ingredient originally discovered in jellyfish.
In clinical trials Prevagen has been shown to improve shortterm memory.
Prevagen healthier brain better life.
Presenter Introducing the Blackstone griddle.
Outdoor cooking without the compromise.
Log on now to blackstoneproducts.com.
Presenter Constipation can happen all around us you just need to know where to look.
Luckily theres Colace its number one doctor recommended stool softener brand for occasional constipation.
The dining room in my house to me is the heart of our house.
When I found Article there were so many times that I picked up on something small that was like oh I love that specific item.
Article just spoke to me.
It had that look and feel that design that I really really like.
Whatevers in the chair to make it comfortable.
It has a very durable feel to it.
I feel like this chair is going to be part of our living room for a very long time Presenter Shop beautiful modern furniture at article.com.
Presenter Paul youre the greatest neighbor.
You help us find the best home improvement pros.
Get quotes and research prices for our home projects.
That thats not me.
Thats HomeAdvisor.
Presenter You cant expect your neighbors to do it all so just ask HomeAdvisor.
Presenter Corey is living with metastatic breast cancer which is breast cancer that has spread to other parts of her body.
Shes also taking Ibrance with an aromatase inhibitor which is for postmenopausal woman or for men with HR HER2metastatic breast cancer as the first hormonal based therapy.
Ibrance plus letrozole was significantly more effective at delaying disease progression versus letrozole.
Patients taking Ibrance can develop low white blood cell counts which may cause serious infections that can lead to death before taking Ibrance tell your doctor if you have fever chills or other signs of infection liver or kidney problems are pregnant breastfeeding or plan to become pregnant.
Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts infections tiredness nausea sore mouth abnormalities in liver blood tests diarrhea hair thinning or loss vomiting rash and loss of appetite.
Corey calls it her new normal because a lot has changed but a lot hasnt ask your doctor about Ibrance the number one prescribed FDA approved oral combination treatment for HR HER2MBC.
If theres one thing that President Trump does consistently its provide compliments usually to himself.
As he was in a recent interview with Fox News Tucker Carlson.
A lot of people gave me a lot of credit for that.
The public was on your side for sure.
A lot of people said that was a great presidential moment.
I won they were totally against me I won.
I have millions and millions of people on Twitter.
A poll just came out today Im at 54 or 55 and they do say you can add to whatever poll I have.
And yet I won and Ill win again.
They do?
That interview was taped during Trumps trip to Asia a trip that made history when he became the first sitting president to step into North Korea.
Whether that moment will result in meaningful diplomacy is still unclear but the President already thinks that it did.
He told reporters that his presidency was quote the hottest show in town.
The New York Times Peter Baker wrote about the Presidents quest for superlatives saying whatever he is doing must be the first the most the biggest and it shapes his policy choices even as he frames his own narrative with the branding skills of a career in business and entertainment.
And joining me now is New York Times Chief White House correspondent and MSNBC political analyst Peter Baker.
Peter I just saw your tweet a couple minutes before we came on the air that in the course of one news conference the President used best nine times incredible 16 times tremendous 28 times and great or greatest 50 times.
Kudos to whoever actually went through and actually counted up all of those words.
But the reality here is sometimes hell make statements that are simply not true in in the interest of presenting himself in the way that you write about.
Yeah look this is a salesman.
This is what his history is hes an entertainer and I think he understands that repetition and upselling in effect works and if facts are inconvenient or get in the way you just either ignore them or rewrite them and in this case he has the best economy ever hes the strongest president ever the best negotiation ever the best deal ever and this has an impact it does in fact create a narrative out there that a lot of people appreciate and understand and agree with even if others are spitting mad because hes playing fast and loose with the facts.
He clearly wants to be in the history books.
This is one of the reasons why he goes to the DMZ and he walks across that line into North Korea because he was told no other president had done it before.
Its a first.
He likes to be somebody whos done the first.
He likes to be someone whos broken a barrier and done something that no one else has done.
The question you just put it correctly is does this mean something more enduring?
And thats the unanswered question.
In that interview with Tucker Carlson Peter first of all I people thought it was interesting shall we say that Carlson was on the trip acting as a de facto foreign policy advisor while his own National Security Advisor was off in Mongolia.
But setting that aside there were some interesting interesting shall we say answers to some of the question that Carlson posed.
I wanna show you his answer on homelessness specifically and then well talk about it lets take a look.
In New York City San Francisco Los Angeles theyve got a major problem withIts very sad.
Carlson With filth.
Very sad.
Why is that?
Its a phenomemon that started two years ago.
Its disgraceful.
Im gonna maybe and Im looking at it very seriously.
I had a situation when I first became president where we had certain areas of Washington D.C.where that was starting to happen and I ended it very quickly.
I said you cant do that.
When we have leaders of the world coming into to see the President of the United States and theyre riding down a highway they cant be looking at that I really believe that it hurts our country.
So Peter not only is he saying in another example of this phenomenon where he solves all the problems and does all of the things he says he removed homeless people so that other leaders wouldnt see them but he also says this is a phenomenon that only started two years ago.
Where did that come from?
Yeah weve been trying to figure that out today as a matter of fact weve been scouring Fox and some of the other places he gets his information from to see if hes reacting to something specific and it hard to understand exactly obviously homelessness did not just start two years ago.
Theres no question that theres been an uptick in some places and in fact California has been dealing with this.
I think its been a big issue in the last few weeks in Los Angeles in particular.
But he sees not as a humanitarian issue the way he frames it in that interview as well its a public relations issue.
Its an issue you dont world leaders to see and therefore you wanna to get these people out of the way not to make sure that theyre getting care or get them into homes but to make sure that theyre not visible for visiting leaders thats a pretty striking framework on his part.
But I dont know what hes talking about.
He says two years ago there was an issue and he snaps his fingers and suddenly its gone.
I live in Washington lived here my whole life.
Its hard to know what hes talking about because obviously homelessness has been an issue here for a long time hasnt changed specifically in the last two years in a meaningful way.
If anything its gotten to be one of more visible problems.
Peter Baker thank you very much.
Also I would be remiss if I didnt thank you for that Western liberalism question during the news conference we were all a little taken aback by the Presidents interpretation of your question but thank you for asking it sir and thank you for being here today.
Okay thanks very much.
As the field of Democratic presidential candidates prepare for the next debate climate change remains a top issue among primary voters.
But how does a country balance concerns over the environment with the need for jobs and revenue from industries like coal?
NBCs Cal Perry traveled to Montana to find out.
Cal this is really the central question as we try to grapple with this as a country and as we frankly fail to grapple with this as a country is there are a lot of people who depend on these old industries for their livelihoods and making that transition is incredibly difficult.
You talked to one candidate who didnt make the debate stage about all of this right?
Yeah exactly right and youre nailing the issue.
Its a difficult balance especially in a place like Montana.
We went out there we spent time with governor Governor Bullock hes trying to do that walk that fine line in an industry and in a state that still relies on fossil fuels.
Take a look.
Im just absolutely amazed at the big open skies.
Everything that were seeing around us is just absolutely beautifully carved.
One of the reasons I wanted to come here was just enjoy the park but then tell people that this place matters.
These places are set aside to be because theyre special.
These places are changing and theyre changing fast.
Its gorgeous and youre worried about the receding glaciers.
While temperatures are on the rise across America Montana is warming twice as fast.
That according to the governments own climate assessment.
The state is home to tiny coal towns which historically have provided the Western United States with its energy needs small towns that are now fighting for survival fighting in a state that also has the nations most treasured natural wonders.
Anytime youre talking about climate and politics in America and Glacier National Park has to be apart of that conversation.
According to the National Park Services there were estimated 150 glaciers here in 1850.
Today theres only 25.
Fewer days below freezing and more days above 90 degrees is changing the state.
Less snowfall and earlier melt each year means more fires theyre bigger and burning longer.
Professor Diana Six studies the impact of forest fires.
This is naturally a fire landscape.
So it should be burning.
Its just that were seeing a lot of fires now.
Dan Fagre measures the disappearing glaciers for the U.S.Geological Survey.
Because of climate change his field of study is naturally widening.
When you have changes like this they tend to cascade through the whole system and so the same things that are melting the glaciers are also causing changes in forest fire frequency and severity.
Bullock The current administration says hell they dont lose sleep about this.
I certainly do.
Cal Montana governor Steve Bullock is trying to find a way to balance the realities of climate change in a state with an energy industry that depends on coal.
All the while doing it while running for president inside the Democratic Party.
As we make transitions we cant be leaving communities behind.
There are folks theyve worked their whole life powering this country and at times Democrats and others try to make them into the villains.
For small towns like Colstrip Montana any discussion of climate change is really gonna be a discussion about revenue and jobs.
The plant behind me is within city limits.
Between that and the coal mine officials here say it accounts for 90 of the towns revenue.
Two buildings at Colstrip Power Plant in operation since the mid70s will shut down just a week after Christmas.
Theyre gonna see a drop in revenue locally.
Cal Lori Shaw is a former city council member.
Shes also the founder of Colstrip United a procoal advocacy group.
When a town a state a community is wholly reliant on only one or two industries that makes us vulnerable and I think we should always be looking for ways to diversify and become more resilient.
Even while faced with certain economic collapse many here want people outside Montana to know they understand the difficult balance.
Were not just like a bunch of nature hating monsters.
We have our lives here and we have families.
I believe that we need to have a beautiful environment but what people dont get is coal got us where we are.
Climate change is real.
We might not be leaving anything for our children or grandchildren if were not careful.
So we have to address it.
We gotta address climate change and we gotta do it now and we actually are at the point now as a country where maybe it was lip service 30 years ago but if were not taking immediate and durable action now the America that were gonna give and the world that were gonna give to our kids and grandkids isnt gonna be the America we live in.
Kasie the Trump administration not only doesnt wanna have this conversation theyre actively trying to prevent people from having the conversation including people that work for the U.S.government.
For the Democrats part the DNC has said theyre not gonna have a stand alone debate on climate change.
However as Rachel Maddow would say watch this space because we understand theyre now rediscussing that and there could be a vote in August.
So we may have some kind of a climate change forum on the horizon Kasie.
Itll be interesting to see if they do decide that this something that deserves they received a lot of criticism I think for saying hey we cant spend an entire evening talking about this when of course its something that is just gonna so dramatically affect all of us.
Cal Perry thank you very much for your reporting.
It looked like a fantastic beautiful trip to Montana.
Coming up next a tennis prodigy takes down a tennis titan who happens to be her idol.
One More Thing next.
Presenter Its only a matter of time until your check engine light comes on or worse yet your car needs repair.
That could mean a big surprise auto repair bill.
Those repairs are more expensive than ever.
A new engine can be over 5000.
A new transmission over 4000.
Thats why its so important you call CarShield today.
CarShield is the number one auto protection company in the country.
I like CarShield because they were reliable the were affordable and they were trustworthy.
Well I think everybody should have CarShield.
Once your manufacturers warranty is expired theres just no big bills.
If we needed repairs CarShield was there for us.
Presenter Now its your turn to get the peace of mind that comes with having CarShield so you can worry less about auto repairs.
Call or go online right now to get CarShield for yourself.
Friendly knowledgeable moneysaving representatives are available 24 hours a day.
So if your car is 20 years old or newer just tell us the make and model of your car or truck to get an instant plan quote.
In a manner of minutes you can be covered.
I was elated that I had CarShield.
I was more than happy.
Its not fun when you have a car and its broken and you cant pay for it get it fixed.
Presenter Heres how CarShield works when your car needs repair you take it to your favorite mechanic or even your dealer and CarShield gets them paid directly.
Thats why CarShield is Americas number one auto protection provider.
CarShield is just the best thing to take away the fear that when something is going to go wrong with you car because it will and CarShield is gonna be there to back you up.
My experience with CarShield is that they absolutely come through every time I need them.
If my car breaks down I can count on CarShield to cover it for me.
CarShield definitely has my back.
Presenter Now its the time to make the smart choice and protect yourself from sky high auto repair bills.
Call now for a free and instant protection plan quote.
Its only a matter of time until repairs are needed and once your car breaks down its too late.
Call 18004715552.
Presenter This summer all eyes will be on the US Womens National Team in the FIFA Womens World Cup.
Over 153 hours of coverage live from France.
The 2019 FIFA Womens World Cup on Fox FS1 and FS2.
Dont miss all 52 matches of the FIFA Womens World Cup live in stunning 4K on DIRECTTV.
If you dont have 4K ask for it today.
Man Mr.Goodson.
Not enough shelter for us people on the street.
Who is us?
So nows probably not a great time to get my library card.
I am not prepared to be in a standoff with a cop.
Man Why do all this for what?
To let em know we still matter.
Sir youre gonna have to put your clothes back on.
Presenter The Public buy or rent today and watch anytime anywhere on your favorite screen to a DIRECTTV Cinema.
Movies start at channel 125.
Presenter Get started for just five bucks.
One More Thing before we go.
Meet Cori Coco Gauff.
Shes 15 years old.
Born in Atlanta she started playing tennis at the age of seven inspired by who else Venus and Serena Williams.
After noticing that she had a knack for it on the court her family moved to Florida to give her better opportunities to train.
By the time she was 11 she had the chance to train with Serena Williams coach in France and by 14 she had won her first match as a professional.
Just a few months later she was signed by New Balance.
Despite achieving so much in her 15 short years nothing couldve prepared her for what was to come.
First came Friday when Coco became the youngest person to qualify for the main draw at Wimbledon.
She said right afterward that she hoped that maybe she could play against one of her idols.
So then came yesterday.
She took the court at Wimbledon and on the other side of the net seven time Grand Slam champion Venus Williams.
Cocos dream come true taking on one of the few very women who inspired her to pick up a racket in the first place.
There they were the youngest at Wimbledon Coco versus the eldest at Wimbledon Venus Williams 39 years old no one and I mean no one couldve predicted what this 15 year old would do next.
Announcer A standing ovation.
Coco Gauff conquers Venus Williams.
Just unbelievable.
Coco becoming the youngest player since 1991 to win in the first round of the womens tournament a rising star taking down a titan in straight sets.
Coco overcome with emotion as you would expect her parents beaming with pride from the stands.
So what does a teen star tell her idol after besting her in front of the whole world?
After the match I told her just thank you for everything she did I wouldnt be here if it wasnt for her.
Indeed a fun fact for you you.
In 2004 the year that Coco