
There you go.
I think the entire country is rooting for those women.
We know that the White House just announced this hour theyre sending a delegation over to the game in France led by the Deputy Commerce Secretary and others.
It is gonna be a big one.
Nancy Cook Tamara Keith thank you for coming on the show and thank you guys all for watching this hour of MSNBC Live.
Craig Melvin where are you gonna be watching the game my friend?
Go team USA.
Ill be watching from the comfy confines of my basement.
My favorite place in the world.
Very nice big screen.
Love it.
Thank you Hallie.
Thank you thank you.
Craig Melvin here MSNBC Headquarters New York City.
Tanks in position.
Preparations underway for President Trumps big Fourth of July event.
Including those military vehicles now on the National Mall as new details about how its being paid for are generating more fury.
Also Hawkeye swing 2020 candidates making there way to Iowa for the holiday as a new poll of voters in that state reveals some new challenges for some of those contenders.
Two of the Democratic contenders will join me live this hour two of them.
Also ticking time bomb.
That is how one official in a new government Watchdog Report describes the horrific conditions inside migrant detention facilities.
It includes shocking new images from inside.
Well get to that story in just a moment but we start with those tanks and military vehicles descending on the National Mall for President Trumps selfproduced Fourth of July event tomorrow.
In a break from tradition the President has ordered a display of American military might in the Capital.
That plan its meaning and its cost all stirring controversy.
Joining me now NBCs Monica Alba live on the National Mall.
Ashley Parker White House reporter for the Washington Post.
Shes an MSNBC Senior Political Analyst.
Democratic Congressman Don Bayer is with me.
His district includes Northern Virginia those D.C.suburbs and Washington Post opinion writer Jennifer Rubin is with me and so is Mark Updegrove Presidential Historian also the President and CEO of the LBJ Foundation.
Quite the esteemed panel here.
Monica Ill start with you.
What are we seeing there on the Mall today?
So Craig actually if I turn here youre gonna see two Bradley Fighting Vehicles and these are just some of the military might thats gonna be on display tomorrow evening.
This is of course being transported on such a large flatbed because of how heavy they are.
The Abrams tanks which are other tanks that are parked nearby and going to be on the Mall weigh as much as 60 tons.
So you can imagine thats something that could damage D.C.streets and of course some of the Presidents critics have expressed concerns about that but that is exactly what the President wants on display.
He wants to do the Salute to America and feature all of these different military vehicles after being inspired two years ago at the Bastille Day celebrations in Paris where he saw the parade with President Emmanuel Macron and said I would very much like to do this.
He then thought it was gonna be actually taking place on Veterans Day but that got canceled you may remember and moved to the Fourth of July because of how expensive it is.
The Washington Post is reporting that its gonna be at least 2.5 million in entrance fees redirected to account for the event tomorrow and of course we dont know what the cost is yet of the other military flyovers.
The President has tweeted that a lot of that is going to be free because we own the equipment but you have to think about the security and other concerns other things that are going to kind of put that price tag up high and we dont know how much thats going to cost.
Now these tanks and military vehicles are gonna be moved.
We dont know exactly when.
Were just steps from the Lincoln Memorial but theyre all going to be placed up and down the Mall but we dont know exactly how many there are gonna be and tomorrow a lot of the excitement is around of course the military flyovers and then also whats expected to be a fly over of Air Force One.
So a lot of spectacle tomorrow evening Craig but thats the scene from here the day before.
All right Monica Alba there.
Monica thank you.
Ashley your paper reporting that the National Park Service is diverting 2.5 million in park fees to pay for this story.
The story adds quote the diverted park fees represent just a fraction of the extra costs the government faces as a result of the event which will include displays of military hardware flyovers by an array of jets including Air Force One the deployment of tanks on the Mall and an extended pyrotechnics show.
Is there a concern at the White House of just the sheer optics of spending so much money on this extravaganza at this point?
Well theres certainly not concern from the President this is what he wants but you can see in that tweet he sent that he is certainly aware of the criticism.
Thats something the White House has been very cognizant of when the Post first reported I believe that there were gonna be sort of a longer fireworks display than usual because some companies had volunteered to help with that.
One thing that the White House really tried to make clear was that you know these were sort of not quite free firework shows but at a reduced rate and that the President would sort of be foolish not to take these companies up on the offer.
So they are aware of this criticism and keep in mind you mentioned this earlier but the whole reason that his plans for a Veterans Day parade were scuttled was because the price tag I believe it got to about 90 million but it was just way too high.
There was a ton of outcry including from the D.C.government it was not logistically feasible.
So again the President may not care necessarily hes clearly preceding full steam ahead but that tweet shows and other conversations weve had with the White House shows that they are at least aware that there is a number there is a lot of criticism coming from all sides.
Ashley what else do we know about this reporting on the Republican National Committee they received a number of VIP tickets that theyre handing out as well?
Are they handing out tickets to a taxpayer funded event?
Well there is concern there has been a lot of fair criticism about that for sort of politicizing you know one of these rare things in the nation that is apolitical a holiday that is symbolic and about fireworks and spending time with families and barbecues.
Theyve sort of tried to argue this is no different than sometimes tickets are handed out for say the Easter Egg Roll or something else on the South Lawn but the other thing that is worth mentioning that were hearing is theres also a lot of kind of quiet chatter in the Presidents orbit that they are deeply worried about sort of another Inauguration fiasco which of courseNo ones gonna show up.
Right that the Presidents crowds were not as big as his predecessors and that yeah exactly that no one will show up.
What happens if it rains?
What happens is if were hearing a lot of people in D.C. a deeply blue state not state but district who are not fans of the President are fleeing town.
So part of that it seems is designed to kind of ensure that at least for the camera shot that it looks like it is packed and theres not these sort of splotches of green grass where the President wants a huge crowd behind him celebrating him.
Mark give us some perspective here.
How unusual is it to have a military display and for a President to speak from the Mall in the way that he is reportedly going to on Independence Day unprecedented or not?
Well like almost everything this President does this is unprecedented.
This is a kind of military display that we were used to seeing from the Soviet Union on Red Square on May Day this is not the kind of thing that we do as a nation.
We show fireworks we have parades but we dont show our military hardware to the nation and to the world but I think this is a President who very much wants to be seen as a strong man not only to his own citizens but to citizens of the world.
So its not surprising that Donald Trump would want to do a display like this.
Congressman Beyer you represent Virginias eighth district home of the Pentagon.
Youre just across the river from Washington D.C.Whats your objection to what the President has planned for the Fourth?
Melvin I have three big first that hes taken something thats always been bipartisan.
I grew up in the city and my dad would load the six kids of us take us down to the Mall with the blanket and the picnic basket and now its turned into this major partisan thing.
Im still encouraging our folks to go cause I dont want it to be divisive.
I also really object to the militarization.
I thought the historian put it out well.
When I think of tanks and troops walking down the middle Im thinking Red Square North Korea Egypt not the United States.
Where were gonna spend three quarters of a trillion dollars next year on our military everyone knows were the most powerful military in the world.
You also as I understand it you are calling for the President to personally reimburse taxpayers for any infrastructure damage caused by military hardware brought in for the celebration.
I think you and I both know the Presidents not going to do that but what is your goal with that demand?
Well hes famous for not paying his bills.
I think he still owes the District 53 million unreimbursed from the Inauguration.
Its just to make the point that when you take these very weighty 60 ton Abrams tanks and put them next to the Lincoln Memorial who knows what its doing to D.C.roads.
Theres some concern from the Park Service that the basements under the Lincoln Memorial may not be able to hold this up.
Its just in a time when the Park Service has an 11 or 12 billion dollar infrastructure backlog to be redirecting funds for his vanity show just doesnt make any sense.
Craig Congressman Beyer I appreciate your time Sir thank you and to be clear youre going to go youre going to be there?
I am gonna go on the Eastern Shore with my family but so no I will not be there.
Craig Youll be watching on television.
But not out of protest previously planned.
Craig But youre encouraging your constituents to go.
Yeah only because hes the most divisive president weve ever had but one of our great challenges is that we live in a divided country and we need to be do our best to heal and they dont have to listen to his speech but they should enjoy the fireworks.
But why encourage them to go if youre not going to go?
Well if I were in town I probably would but my wife and kids are already on the Eastern Shore.
Got it got it Congressman thank you.
Thank you for your time.
Jennifer I want to call your attention to this survey.
Theres a survey of American Pride its from Gallup and according to this survey 45 of folks who are polled are extremely proud to be an American thats the second straight year of the sub 50 readings.
That percentage has been weakening in recent years.
To what do you attribute the drop?
Well first of all I wont be going to the Mall and it will be in protest.
So good for the Congressman hes a better person than I.I think people are deeply disturbed with what this president has been doing to our Democratic institutions to the rule of law to separation of powers his disrespect for the First Amendment calling the press the enemy of the people.
For better or worse the President of the United States embodies the country to some degree.
He is both the Head of State and the Head of Government and when people look at Donald Trump as their representative on the world stage they are not proud of him.
They find him tacky they find him crude racist homophobic misogynistic you can go down the list and I think that deeply worries people and I think you see that in the Democratic presidential race where these people are essentially running on a platform to restore American values of decency inclusiveness generosity community because we havent gotten that from this president.
Hes notoriously awful on these moments when you look to the president to heal to bring us together.
He is the antiuniter and this is just one more display its also really a contempt for government.
This is the mother of all Hatch Act violations.
This is using the taxpayers money the taxpayers property really for his own vanity and whether its a legal violation or not it is so unseemly and I would just add one final thing.
Seeing tanks on the Mall has the appearance that Washington is an occupied city.
We put tanks on the street when there is a civil uprising when there is a calamity of some type.
There is not and Donald Trump doesnt get that this is not a symbol of pride or of American but that this is a deeply disturbing sign that he is politicizing the military and militarizing the politics of our country.
Mark are we at a point now where we cant separate our patriotism from the President?
Well I think those plunging numbers around American pride are totally reflective of the fact that were in a polarized nation.
We have a president who is leading through division and discord.
Youre seeing that number increase slightly among Republicans and plunge among Democrats.
We are a very divided society but I worry too Craig about what Ronald Reagan warned about in his Farewell Address in 1989 he talked about the eradication of the American memory and the erosion of the American spirit by which he meant were not studying civics and history in our schools anymore.
Were looking only at the moment right now in American history and what Donald Trump means to America not the larger American story and I think if Americans more Americans were to understand more about civics and about American history they would have pride in our nation knowing that sometimes we go through good times and sometimes we go through bad times but we are a strong and resilient nation ultimately.
On this eve of the Fourth of July that seems an appropriate spot to end it.
Thank you so much for that Mark.
Thank you Ashley.
Thank you Jennifer and thank you Monica.
I do appreciate your reporting.
Dangerous conditions children laying on top of each other cells packed at five times their capacity.
New images being released as part of a government Watchdog Report on conditions inside those migrant detention facilities its triggering more outrage across the country and on the campaign trail.
Ill talk about it with one of the Democratic presidential contenders.
Washington Governor Jay Inslee will join me on the other side of this break.
Later in this hour another contender Ohio Congressman Tim Ryan will also join me.
Hes got a warning for his party on the issue of immigration and what it could mean for the presidential race.
Announcer Stay tuned to get a free pan from Granitestone.
Stuck on eggs burnt on batter.
You can scrub and scrape but you cant escape the nightmare of your sticky pans.
Introducing the Granitestone pan.
The all new durable nonstick pan.
No butter or oil needed.
Watch we melted down these sticky candies in Granitestone and it just doesnt stick!
We cooked a half a dozen eggs bacon cheese and tomato breakfast with no butter or oil and it just doesnt stick.
Look!
Caramels chocolate and cheese!
Unreal for any other pan but not for Granitestone.
It just doesnt stick.
Granitestone will be the last pan youll ever need because its pressed from a solid aluminum disk for even heat conduction then coated three times with our durable Granitestone finish.
Granitestone is metal utensil safe and wont scratch and talk about nonstick.
This salmon cooked skin side down with no added butter or oil just doesnt stick.
This steak is perfectly seared just like the pros and because Granitestone is oven rated to 500 degrees we baked this upside down pan pizza to perfection and it just doesnt stick.
Fire flambe delicious cherries jubilee plus its PFOA free and 100 dishwasher safe.
Call or go online to get your Granitestone pan for the special TV discount price of just 19.99.
Granitestone is so durable it comes with a 10 year warranty and with every order youre going to get a Granitestone single serve egg pan absolutely free.
Its the perfect size for personalized eggs omelets or frittatas that slide right out.
It makes the best bacon egg and cheese sandwich quick.
Yours absolutely free.
Well even ship your entire order free.
Thats right free shipping.
You get it all an incredible value.
Heres how to order.
Announcer To order call 18006157903.
Thats 18006157903 or order online at BuyGranitestone.com.
Thats 180061579.
Music Limu Emu Music Announcer and Doug.
What do all these people have in common Limu?
Exactly nothing theyre completely different people thats why they need customized car insurance from Liberty Mutual theyll only pay for what they need.
Yes and they could save a ton.
Youve done it again Limu.
Announcer Only pay for what you need.
Music Liberty Liberty Liberty Liberty Music Tell him were flexible.
Dont worry my Dutch is okay.
Just okay?
Mhm.
Tell him we need this merger.
Its happening.
Just okay is not okay especially when it comes to your network.
ATT is Americas best wireless network according to Americas biggest test.
Now with 5G evolution the first step to 5G.
More for your thing thats our thing.
Announcer Call now.
Isnt this a situation of hate the game not the player?
This is a power play.
This is a strategic move from her right?
Why is this potentially such a big deal?
We have more breaking news.
Why wouldnt we?
Its Tuesday in Washington.
The wall is the sticking point not border security.
Although the promise was a wall paid for by Mexico.
I can not wait to keep talking about 2020.
I gotta tell you I think its fascinating.
Your entire business is profiting off of other peoples information then your job is to keep that information safe.
A disturbing new report from the office of the Inspector General highlights the conditions migrants are facing at the southern border.
It includes images of people at a Rio Grande Valley Detention Center crammed into holding cells sleeping on concrete floors.
One senior manager at that facility calls the situation a quote ticking time bomb.
Officials found adults and children living with limited access to showers and according to that report quote at one facility some single adults were held in standing room only conditions for a week and at another some single adults were held for more than a month in overcrowded cells.
Joining me now live from Seattle Washington Governor and Democratic presidential candidate Jay Inslee.
Governor thank you for your time.
You bet.
As president what would you do about these detention facilities?
How would they change in an Inslee Administration?
Well we would stop the gross inhumanity and you need to understand the depth of depravity of Donald Trump.
These conditions are an intentional action by him.
He has made it very clear that he wants to make people afraid and he likes these inhumane conditions because it is part of his intention to fan the flame of discord around immigration and instead of uniting us to find a comprehensive solution instead of trying to address the root causes of this immigration problem to keep people where they live and not force them to come north he has decided to utilize inhumane conditions as a tool of his gross cruelty.
We need to understand how deep this depravity is.
So we need to have both additional capacity for people but we need to go back what weve done for 50 years as a judge ordered yesterday in Seattle to allow people to be released on bond in the appropriate circumstances where as much as 80 or 90 of people do return for their immigration hearings.
Weve done that for 50 years in America.
He has departed from American tradition.
We need to go back to that.
Last night fellow Democratic candidate former Housing Secretary Julian Castro he appeared on Rachel Maddow and he laid out his immigration plan.
Take a listen.
Im gonna offer a completely different vision of what we should do on immigration to make sure that we have an immigration system thats fixed that works with border security but that never treats people like this again.
I believe one centerpiece of that is repealing Section 1325 of the Immigration Nationality Act so that not only this president but future presidents cant ever use that law to incarcerate parents and then separate them from their little children.
Do you agree with Castros stance that crossing the border illegally should be criminalized?
We should not use criminal statutes to separate children from their parents period and if thats being used for that purpose it should not be used for that purpose and is not required.
Look we have lots of civil systems to be able to prevent illegal entry into the United States and to use Donald Trumps separation of children from parents which he has done intentionally should not be allowed through criminal statutes in the United States and I want to repeat look for 50 years weve had a system of being able to allow people to have a hearing on asylum without separating children from their parents we need to restore that basic American value.
I want to highlight something from the new Washington Post ABC News poll.
It was taken since last weeks NBC debate 29 of Democratic voters say healthcare is one of the most important issues theyre going to be voting on topped the list in fact.
You have relied heavily on climate change.
Youve drilled down on climate change.
What do you offer voters who are looking for someone to tackle our nations healthcare issues?
Well we have done so much in our state successfully not just in addressing the climate crisis.
Weve adopted the very first public health option in the United States.
Were proud of that.
Im the first governor to actually work with our community to pass those bills but weve done so much on our other issues to help families health health is not just the healthcare system you gotta have a family wage.
Thats why Im proud to say weve adopted while Im governor the highest minimum wage in the United States.
You have to be able to take care of your family when theyre sick and thats why we have the most robust comprehensive family medical leave in the United States.
You have to have a decent wage in general thats why Im proud of weve won the highest educator compensation increase for our teachers and educators in the United States.
We have wrap around services of being able to build a middle class thats how you really have health but I do want to come back to this issue.
Look this is a health issue of this climate crisis its increasing Lyme disease its respiratory distress its an epidemic of asthma its your town burning down where 80 plus people have died in forest fires in California last year.
The climate crisis is a health issue and I am offering a unique emphasis on it.
I am the candidate and so far the only candidate who said this will be the number one priority of the United States.
This is a health issue it is a national security issue it is an economic issue all rolled into one.
Craig It is your central message.
You bet.
The latest CNN poll lets talk about another poll it shows your movement over the last four months it shows in March April and June you were registering at about 1.
In the most recent poll youre now at an asterisk.
Is it that message or is it perhaps the messenger?
Well listen we started at about one were about one now in the last polls.
Were where Clinton and Carter were when they started.
We are still introducing ourselves to the American people less than a third of the people could pick me out of a line up.
This is a start weve had some confidence since the last debate we had a surge of support with the largest number of donors in 24 hours since I started we had the largest number of new donors and we encourage folks to go to jayinslee.com if they want to see the climate crisis to remain a central focus in our debate.
Youre talking numbers here.
Youve got some fundraising numbers for us?
Yeah theyre going up.
I dont have a total number for you.
I havent totaled them for the quarter but we did have the best day the best two days that weve had during the campaign after the last debate and I think it is because people want to see the climate crisis front and center.
Yesterday Senator Sanders put out his numbers he was around 24 million.
The day before that Mayor Pete put out his numbers he was around 24 million.
Are you around 24 million?
No we wont be in that same league because were still introducing ourselves and were making sure that the climate crisis and by the way I was honored the other day someone evaluated our respective climate plans and ours was held to be the number one.
Im proud of that and I think that is what is necessary for our nation to address something that is burning down our towns and flooding our fields and if people want to see that they can go to jayinslee.com.
Governor Inslee thank you.
Thanks for your time Sir.
You bet.
Top tier shuffle how the latest post NBC News debate poll shaking up some of the top contenders as Joe Biden remains at the top spot though.
Were gonna go live to Iowa where an onslaught of candidates are hitting the ground for holiday.
Well catch up with our road warriors in the Hawkeye State.
This is a live look at Des Moines.
This is political insanity.
Announcer When you need a passionate start to the morning.
Name one of the Democratic contenders.
Name one that you are positive can beat Trump.
Announcer You need your Morning Joe weekdays at 600 on MSNBC.
Announcer Corey is living with metastatic breast cancer which is breast cancer that has spread to other parts of her body.
Shes also taking Ibrance with an aromatase inhibitor which is for postmenopausal women or for men with HR HER2metastatic breast cancer as the first hormonalbased therapy.
Ibrance plus letrozole was significantly more effective at delaying disease progression versus letrozole.
Patients taking Ibrance can develop low white blood cell counts which may cause a serious infections that can lead to death.
Before taking Ibrance tell your doctor if you have fever chills or other signs of infection liver or kidney problems are pregnant breastfeeding or plan to become pregnant.
Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts infections tiredness nausea sore mouth abnormalities in liver blood tests diarrhea hair thinning or loss vomiting rash and loss of appetite.
Corey calls it her new normal because a lot has changed but a lot hasnt.
Ask your doctor about Ibrance.
The number one prescribed FDA approved oral combination treatment for HR HER2MBC.
No wrong move old fashioned bandages get dirty they can let in water and germs.
Look its falling off.
NewSkin is the flexible liquid bandage that seals out the bad stuff.
Theres a spray too.
Announcer NewSkin rethink how you heal.
Music Na na na na Music Music Na na na na Music Music Hey hey hey goodbye Music Music Hey hey hey goodbye Music Announcer The worlds first six function multipro tailgate.
Available only on the next generation GMC Sierra.
Get 20 below MSRP on next generation 2019 GMC double cab and SLE crew cab models with a standard tailgate.
Narrator This is the story of John Smith.
Not this John Smith or this John Smith or any of the other hundreds of John Smiths that are Humana Medicare Advantage members.
No its this John Smith who we paired with a Humana team member to help address his own specific health needs.
At Humana we take a personal approach to your health to provide care thats just as unique as you are.
No matter what your name is.
Paid Spokesperson.
Attention.
This is a legal alert for anyone who has used Roundup weed killer and been diagnosed with nonhodgkins lymphoma.
If you used Roundup weed killer and have been diagnosed with nonhodgkins lymphonma you may be entitled to significant compensation.
A multimillion dollar verdict was recently awarded to a man whose nonhodgkins lymphoma was linked to Roundup weed killer.
If you used Roundup weed killer and were diagnosed with nonhodgkins lymphoma you may be entitled to significant compensation.
Call now.
Music Limu Emu Music Announcer And Doug.
What do all these people have in common Limu?
Exactly nothing.
Theyre completely different people thats why they need customized car insurance from Liberty Mutual.
Theyll only pay for what they need.
Yes and they could save a ton.
Youve done it again Limu.
Announcer Only pay for what you need.
Music Liberty Liberty Liberty Liberty Music Announcer Recruiter.comstar.
All right now a lot of the 2020 Democratic presidential candidates are swarming Iowa preparing for a long holiday weekend.
Theres a look at em there.
A new poll from the Washington Post and ABC News sheds some light on how they are stacking up at this early point in the race and the latest poll since the NBC News debate Joe Bidens lead over his closest competitors shrank to just six points.
Bernie Sanders holding on to that second spot in the poll.
Elizabeth Warren holding steady at 11.
The biggest jump Senator Kamala Harris also at 11 but this poll is unique because it also asked it asked voters for a second choice.
When you look at whether one of these candidates is someones first or second choice Joe Biden has the support of half the primary voters and thats with more than 20 people in this race Sanders hits 40 Elizabeth Warren as you can see there 25 Kamala Harris right there as well 24.
We have two road warriors covering two of the biggest movers in all of these polls right now.
Mike Memoli is covering the Biden campaign.
He is in Cedar Rapids Iowa.
Vaughn Hilliard covering the Harris campaign.
He is in Des Moines Iowa.
Mike Ill start with you.
This is Bidens first campaign rally since those debates whats the plan?
Well Craig theres no doubt that a lot has changed for the Biden campaign ahead of what is his third trip to Iowa since announcing his candidacy in April.
He was behind me here in Cedar Rapids on that first trip in April saying at the time that no one was gonna work harder than him to win the support of Iowa voters.
That second trip to Iowa about a month ago youll remember that he was here at the same time as President Trump it really gave Biden an opportunity to really frame that general election matchup of course electability being one of the strongest arguments that Joe Biden has so far but as I said theres no doubt when you talk to Biden advisors that they feel the game has changed.
Game on as one advisor said.
You look at some of these polls that show him slipping after that shaky debate performance.
A senior Biden campaign advisor tells me listen were no more worried about these latest polls that show a little bit of a dip that we were overconfident based on those initial polls that showed him with a strong lead but we are seeing him now recognize that he cant just stay above the fray in the terms of running in the Democratic Primary and what will be interesting Craig were gonna see Joe Biden campaigning on the Fourth of July tomorrow in Independence Iowa at the same time as Beto ORourke another one of his contenders.
Also Craig tomorrow night Joe Biden will also be attending an Iowa Cubs game also with Beto ORourke which means for me on the Fourth of July I get paid to attend a minor league baseball game.
Sounds good to me.
Thats true its a good point.
Mr.Hillard I turn to you.
How does the Harris camp plan to capitalize on this postNBC News debate momentum?
Any ideas there?
Well how theyre gonna capitalize theyre here for three straight days of campaign events.
Shell be just next door in West Des Moines this afternoon and then shell be going from Iowa over to New Orleans and then South Carolina next week.
Essentially shes not going to let up off the gas.
Shes gonna go full forward and this is part of the campaigns effort to continue to show the contrast of what Kamala Harris can bring to the campaign trail.
She plans to go full on they now have 65 staffers here on the ground in Iowa and as Mike just mentioned the debate was a wake up call for the Biden campaign that he couldnt just stay above the fray because what last week showed was that this is going to be a Democratic Primary in which candidates will show contrast between them.
Kamala Harris not only on issues of race and busing but also on the Obama Administrations deportation policies.
I want to play for you a little bit of sound.
This was actually from just over a week ago when Kamala Harris was over in South Carolina.
I think its very pertinent to what we should expect to hear from the California Senator today and in the weeks ahead.
We need somebody who as President of the United States understands the need to rebuild the party.
Who understands the need to give the resources and the support to the people who are on the ground everyday doing the hard work.
We cant just helicopter in here.
We have to support the people who are on the ground who know the community.
Kamala Harris in that debate made herself vulnerable to folks to voters who said that they are anxious about Democrats attacking one another but what she did at the same time and what the polls are indicating she separated herself as a willingness to paint contrast between her and others and as you just heard from her there in South Carolina what we should expect to hear from her here in Iowa is that she is maintaining that she is the candidate that is looking forward and will outwork the rest of the field Craig.
All right Vaughn Hilliard there in Des Moines.
Vaughn thank you and Mike Memoli thank you as well sir.
Will they or wont they?
A new tweet from President Trump just moments ago appears to contradict his own Administration on a citizenship question on the census.
Were gonna dig into that its a developing story.
Also the newest round of postNBC News debate polls suggested some candidates might be in more trouble when it comes to reaching the debate stage this fall.
One of those contenders also hitting the ground in Iowa this week Congressman Tim Ryan will join us ahead.
Music I want it that way Music I cant believe it.
That Carl brought his karaoke machine?
Music Aint nothing but a heartache Music No I cant believe how easy it was to save hundreds of dollars on my car insurance with Geico.
Music Tell me why I never want to hear you say Music No Kevin!
No Kevin!
No!
Announcer Believe it.
Geico could save you 15 or more on car insurance.
Announcer Alice loves the scent of Gain so much she wished they came in a fabric softener too.
Say hello to your fairy godmother Alice.
Oh and look theyve got Gain scent beads and dryer sheets too.
As a real estate agent Ive learned its excess moisture that causes musty odors.
Protip use DampRid.
Announcer New DampRid dropin tabs.
Attract and trap excess moisture out of the air eliminating musty odors.
Works every time.
Announcer Get rid of dampness.
Music DampRid Music Narrator It all comes down to a single defining moment.
When a plan stops being a plan and gets set into motion.
Todays Merrill can help you get there.
With the people tools and personalized advice to help turn your ambitions into action.
What would you like the power to do?
Thanks Golden Corral.
Dan gets his slowsmoked sirloin and my little trio were as happy as shrimp oops clams and mom got it all hook line and sirloin.
The slowsmoked sirloin and shrimp trio.
Golden Corral the only one for everyone.
No matter what I wore I worried someone might see my bladder leak underwear.
So I switched to Always Discreet Boutique.
Its shape hugging threads smooth out the back so it fits better than Depend and no one notices.
Always discreet.
Im Alex Trebek here to tell you about the Colonial Penn program.
If youre age 50 to 85 and looking to buy life insurance on a fixed budget remember the three Ps.
What are the three Ps?
The three Ps of life insurance on a fixed budget are price price and price.
A price you can afford a price that cant increase and a price that fits your budget.
Im 65 and take medications whats my price?
You can get coverage for 9.95 a month.
I just turned 80 whats my price?
9.95 a month for you too.
If youre age 50 to 85 call now about the number one most popular whole life insurance plan available through the Colonial Penn program.
It has an affordable rate starting at 9.95 a month.
No medical exam no health questions your acceptance is guaranteed and this plan has a guaranteed lifetime rate lock so your rate can never go up for any reason and with this plan you can pick your payment date so you can time your premium due date to work with your budget.
So call now for free information and youll also get this free Beneficiary Planner and its yours just for calling.
So call now.
Announcer Call 18007757230 for your free information and your free gift.
That number again is 18007757230.
Call now.
Moments ago President Trump took to Twitter to say that he will defy his own Justice Department and the courts on the Census.
The President says that the census will have a citizenship question.
NBC White House correspondent Kelly ODonnell is here to try and clear this up.
Hey Kelly O Justice Department says no President says yes.
What do we know about whats happening?
Well its a little more complicated and what this really gets down to is the president does not like this decision and this of course as the president who argues forcefully that asking those who reply to the 2020 Census if they are American citizens is an important piece of data along with all the other things that a census collects.
What we learned late Tuesday yesterday was that the Department of Justice and the Department of Commerce were going forward with printing of the 2020 questionnaire without the citizenship question.
Now is there some gray area here?
You can keep a legal challenge going which the president is arguing for here and at the same time take the pragmatic step of printing the new census and doing it lawfully without that citizenship question now because of the enormity of the task of doing the 2020 Census.
So what we need some clarification on is is the president directly defying this plan to print or is he arguing for continuing the legal case which of course the Supreme Court had pushed it back to the lower court and said the reasons given by the Department of Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross were not sufficient to argue for adding this question and it was an open opportunity for the Administration to keep litigating but theyre running up against a time deadline because the Constitution not just any ordinary law but the Constitution requires that a census be taken every 10 years.
So were up against that deadline.
So is it pragmatism meets politics is it a frustrated president whos been active on Twitter today pushing back this decision by the Department of Justice and Commerce that we learned about late yesterday really followed within 24 hours of the president arguing pretty forcefully that he wanted to keep fighting this and so the president has sort of been pushed back on his heels with this.
Hes calling it fake news.
We have officials in both departments who told us the plan is to go forward with the printing.
So is he advocating for the court case to go on?
Is this just sort of a political message from the president to our understanding the census question will not the citizenship question is not in the new printing that will be ordered fairly shortly.
Craig.
Kelly ODonnell from the White House for us Kelly O thank you.
Im joined now by Senior Correspondent for NPR Boston and MSNBC Contributor Kimberly Atkins.
Also with me Assistant Professor of Public Policy at Harvard University Leah Wright Rigueur.
Thank you ladies both for being with me.
Leah let me start with you just your general reaction to this new tweet on the census.
Apparently the printers already been instructed to start the process so.
Whats going on here?
So there are a lot of different issues that are going on here.
First we see again that the president is completely at odds with other factions or other agencies or divisions departments within his own administration.
So it raises the question whos in charge here whos running the show?
The other thing too that I think is important to keep in mind is that the president is essentially saying and this may be saber rattling it may just be trying to send a hard political message and showing his base that he means business or it may actually be serious but hes essentially saying Im gonna go against this and Im gonna go against the courts rulings Im gonna go against my own Justice Department and Im going to ensure that that question finds its way on there.
So in some way shape or form he is promising to really uphold the question about citizenship and change the census.
Now can he do that?
Its not exactly clear how he would do that but hes essentially promising to do that and that is cause for concern.
You know what Kimberly I think for folks who are watching and who are listening on Sirius Satellite Radio who perhaps havent been following this story as closely maybe we should remind them why is it that this president finds this citizenship question itself.
Why does he want this to be part of the census so very badly?
Well its a couple of political reasons for this Craig.
One is that when the citizenship question is on the census there is research that would say that it would actually work to suppress participation in the census and get an under count particularly not just of people who are immigrants but even citizens who are related to immigrants have folks who are of mixed immigration status within their household.
There will be a fear that participating in this census could somehow flag them or get them in sort of trouble.
We have seen through documentation throughout the litigation over this census that there are some folks who know that that would hurt Democrats in an election.
I mean the census decides a lot of things from Congressional districts to federal funding but it will have an impact on the election.
Could depress turn out and depress the strength of Democratic districts.
So theres a political incentive here.
Ive talked to state officials who have said even with the census question not on the census there has been so much discussion so much divisiveness over this issue that they are still fearing that there will be an under count and that will be problematic for these states who depend on the census for their federal funding.
Also in the news today of course these troubling images that we are getting thanks to that Watchdog group of the migrant detention centers from inside these migrant detention centers.
I asked presidential hopeful Jay Inslee just a few moments ago about his plan for immigration and we also talked about President Trumps strategy on immigration.
Leah Kimberly this is what he said.
He has made it very clear that he wants to make people afraid and he likes these inhumane conditions because it is part of his intention to fan the flame of discord around immigration and instead of uniting us to find a comprehensive solution instead of trying to address the root causes of this immigration problem to keep people where they live and not force them to come north he has decided to utilize inhumane conditions as a tool of his gross cruelty.
Leah is what were seeing is it the presidents strategy or is the result of a failed strategy?
So the answer is yes to both.
I think one of the things that has emerged and has emerged over the past couple of years is that the Trump Administration has been very very direct in some ways in some ways not so direct but has been pretty direct about saying that their separation policies their policies around the border these policies about detention centers have been designed to dissuade people from coming to the border.
It has not been successful and because it has not been successful we have seen an explosion in kind of these centers these areas and then kind of very poor conditions and weve seen the Administration arguing in favor of poor conditions.
Now the bigger thing I think and this is going to be a question for many of the Democratic candidates moving into primary debates and into the general election is well what are you gonna do about it?
What are we going to do to fix it?
What is the actual policy agenda both on immigration on refugee sedum on asylum seekers and then the conditions that these people are facing because right now this is unsustainable and as a political strategy perhaps its working for President Trumps supporters but for the rest of the country it absolutely is not working.
Kimberly lets talk politics for just a second here and Mayor Pete specifically we were just talking about his fundraising numbers during our last segment.
Bernie Sanders as well put up about 24 million actually Bernie Sanders transferred about six million.
He raised roughly 18 but Mayor Pete raised close to 25 million.
Thats pretty impressive for a second quarter but you look at his polling and the two dont seem to make sense.
Why is he not polling better if he is raising so much money?
Well a few reasons Ive been talking to people who are raising money for Mayor Pete as he travels to places including Massachusetts this upcoming weekend and they say that on the ground he is resonating with folks theyre doing a combination of these big dollar fundraisers that folks like Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders have chosen not to do but also doing the smaller dollar donations in order to energize younger people really allow people to get to know him and it has been literally paying off.
Now one thing that raising this money will do will allow him to stay in the race longer than some of the other candidates and give him more of an opportunity to build his profile get out with ads and raise his profile.
I think a lot of people just dont know who he is or what hes about yet and that could happen but on the other hand hes had a particularly difficult time resonating with voters of color.
We know that for Democrats that is a crucial crucial block.
He had the issue with the police shooting in South Bend and so that is a big thats a big obstacle that hes going to have to overcome but at least for now he has the funds to stay in it.
Kimberly Atkins Leah Wright Rigor enjoy the holiday ladies thank you for your time.
Thank you thank you.
Thank you.
Hes been extremely vocal about winning back those voters that swung to Trump.
Now Congressman Tim Ryan sounding off on the effect that the immigration debate could have on the race.
Congressman Ryan joins me after the break.
Narrator Nothing feels like connecting with the people that matter.
Holiday Inn Holiday Inn Express.
Were there.
So you can be too.
Announcer This is the box that started it all.
The box that changed how people buy mattresses forever.
This is the mattress so comfortable people cant stop giving it five stars.
This is Casper.
The company bringing bedtime back to millions of happy sleepers.
One box at a time.
Try Americas number one rated mattress for 100 nights risk free.
Announcer Enjoy 10 off your order at Casper.com.
Introducing Nutrisystems July Fourth sale.
Save 50 yes 50.
Announcer Lose up to 13 pounds and seven inches in you first month.
Order your 28 day plan and get one week of high protein shakes with probiotics to help shrink your belly free.
And theres even a money back guarantee.
Announcer Save 50 off every program.
Grab this special offer right now and start losing today.
Announcer Go online or call 877651FIT6 right now to save 50.
Narrator There is a place where you can make up for lost time by completely losing track of it.
Where you can indulge in everything because its all included.
Sandals the worlds only five star luxury included resorts.
Call 1800Sandals.
Hi Phil Swift here for the flex seal family of products.
Now all the strength of original Flex Seal is available in portable powerful minis.
From the toughest jobs to a simple repair Flex Minis are always there.
Now with Flex Minis you can grab and go.
Plus theyre freakin adorable.
Whether its Flex tape Flex glue or Flex Seal imagine everything you could do with Flex Minis.
I have one kid in each branch of the military but Im command central.
Announcer Why Elaine choose Verizon.
Its so important to us that Verizon is supporting military families.
When I have a child deployed having a reliable network means everything.
So when I get a video chat and I get to see their face its the best thing in the world and Ive earned every one of these gray hairs.
Military moms we serve too.
Announcer The network more people rely on gives you more like military plans with a special price on unlimited 100 per line and big savings on our best phones when you switch.
Thats Verizon.
Think all premium fuels are the same?
New Shell VPower NiTRO Premium Gasoline is engineered with four levels of defense against gunk wear corrosion and friction.
That helps keep your engine running like new.
So maybe its time to unthink what you think you think about premium fuel.
Shell VPower NiTRO Premium Gasoline Its fuel for thought.
Lester Good evening everyone breaking news tonight.
Announcer Lester Holt.
Lester It sounds like a jet airplane up there but that is fire.
Announcer The most trusted TV news anchor in America.
Lester Thats Nightly News Im Lester Holt.
Announcer More Americas watch NBC News than any other news organization in the world.
Democrats are focused on making the overcrowded and dangerous conditions revealed in these migrant detention facilities a national focal point.
Im joined now by Ohio Democratic Congressman and presidential candidate Tim Ryan.
Congressman we have all seen these pictures now and weve heard some of the heartbreaking stories of the conditions from these migrant detention facilities.
A number of the other candidates have visited and released some detailed plans on how to deal with them.
I dont believe youve done either just yet.
What would you do?
What would you do with these detention facilities specifically facilities that are privately operated?
Go ahead.
Yeah we should not be locking these people up and the way were doing it Craig is atrocious.
I think it goes against our values.
I think we need to make sure I wish the president would ask doctors and nurses to go immediately to the border and start helping administer some care to these people.
Jamming them in these facilities I mean this is this stunning to think that this is the United States of America and its contributing to the level of anxiety that we have across our society today Craig.
I mean everyones telling us things are going really good but yet everybody feels really bad and this anxiety that just watching these things happen let alone if youre in anyway connected to these people that are down there is just heartbreaking and were the United States we should be able to go down there and fix this and it shouldnt take that long.
What would you do on day one if elected?
About this specifically?
Well make sure everybody coming in through these facilities is taken care of but the keys gonna be to go to Central America and actually stabilize those countries where people are migrating from.
The president is the Distractor in Chief.
He cant focus for more than five seconds.
The issue is in Central America.
Ive been saying this now for months.
We need to go to Central America stabilize those countries kick the gangs out.
We dont even have an Ambassador in Honduras right now so we cant be engaged in the way we want to be and the president is cutting the State Department funding that would help us repair whats happening down there thats the heart of the problem thats where people are coming from and if we want to end the crisis at the border we need to go deal with heart of the matter in Central America.
Like a number of the candidates over the holiday weekend here you are in Iowa youre in Iowa right now Waterloo.
Yeah.
There is a new Suffolk University USA Today poll of Iowa voters from after NBCs debate last week.
This poll just out USA Today put it this way.
Three of those who participated in the debates New York Mayor Bill de Blasio Ohio Representative Tim Ryan and California Representative Eric Swalwell failed to attract a single supporter in the Iowa survey.
Thats of 500 people in Iowa who were surveyed Congressman.
Do you have what it takes to stay in this race?
No doubt about it.
I mean literally our phone has been ringing off the hook since the debate.
Weve got a lot of people that were leaning to Vice President Biden who were calling us and they want to meet primarily from the early states.
Weve had some of the best fundraising days weve had since the debate.
So I think we connected.
I mean clearly the national conversation was around something different and I think these polls at this point are absolutely meaningless.
I mean you can go back and look at winners from the last 40 years and at some point they were where I am now and I think weve got the message.
Were connecting with people around the stress and anxiety and fear thats facing them whether its the economic anxiety whether its around healthcare whether its around what were watching happen at the border whether its whats happening to our environment and our soil and the things that are happening environmentally.
Were connecting with people Craig and people are you know Im asking people to come to TimRyanforAmerica.com be a part of this campaign.
We just released the most comprehensive transformational education agenda to help with traumabased care for our kids and social and emotional learning in our schools and wraparound therapy so we are taking care of the big issues in my campaign and thats why people are getting on board.
You just mentioned fundraising.
How much have you raised in the second quarter?
Well we dont have I dont have the numbers right now but I will tell youBallpark it.
Our best days were right after the debate and I was really excited about that and weve done really well into July so were moving in the right direction.
I mean I didnt get in till April.
24 million?
So.
Were moving in the right direction.
Im really pleased with it.
Mayor Petes at about 24 almost 25 million.
Bernie Sanders put out his numbers yesterday at 24 million.
Are we in that neighborhood?
We are not in that neighborhood.
I mean heres the deal Craig.
Im from Northeast Ohio.
Im not from a big city.
Im not from a big state.
I dont have an Ivy League education or network that I can tap into.
So were you know doing it the way the way it has to be done and thats grassroots building this thing brick by brick but were moving in the right direction.
We got people excited.
We just started a whole Teachers for Tim initiative around teachers who are coming on board.
So were building this thing out.
I mean its important to remember its July Bill Clinton didnt get in this race when he ran in 92 till October.
So we are way ahead of the game here compared to past years.
Congressman thank you and enjoy the Fourth.
Thank you very much.
Ahead in the next hour my colleague Andrea Mitchells gonna have more on the controversy surrounding the presidents planned Fourth of July event.
D.C.s Mayor Muriel Bowser will join her.
Budget meeting!
Sweet.
When you compare last quarter to this quarter.
Announcer Its no wonder everything seems a little better with the creamy taste of Philly made with fresh milk and real cream.
It must be the Philly.
When you book at Hilton.com you get the price match guarantee.
So if you find your room at a lower rate Hilton is like were gonna match that rate and give you an extra 25 off.
What would travel sites do if you found a different price?
Thats not my problem its your problem.
Book at hilton.com.
Announcer Not getting enough cash back with that credit card?
Turn to the nerds.
Looking for the perfect mortgage?
Turn to the nerds.
Oops!
laughs Sorry about that.
Easily compare credit cards mortgages savings accounts and more at nerdwallet.com.
Oh wrong move.
Old fashioned bandages get dirty.
They can let in water and germs.
Look its falling off.
NewSkin is the flexible liquid bandage that seals out the bad stuff.
Theres a spray too.
Announcer NewSkin rethink how you heal.
Announcer Congratulations youre a writer but wait you have to actually publish your book.
Discover Publishers will help you find the right publisher to get your book in bookstores.
Its completely free.
Announcer Go to freeauthorinfo.com or call us at 8002514119.
Announcer Men want to feel younger stronger leaner?
You dont have to slow down after 40.
New Nugenix TotalT is our most powerful manboosting formula ever.
To get a complimentary bottle text 369369 and enter POP.
Announcer Paying too much for your prescriptions.
Isnt this a situation of hate the game not the player?
This is a power play.
This is a strategic move from her right?
Why is this potentially such a big deal?
We have more breaking news.
Why wouldnt we?
Its Tuesday in Washington.
The wall is the sticking point not border.