
 HEAD As far as the squad itself after the game they posted a video of most of the team dancing to the 2007 banger Rock Yo Hips.
If you dont know it that sucks for you.
But the fact that this song is what brings this team together is amazing.
Oh and the name of the group who made it probably describes both countrys histories of money making quite well Crime Mob.
God bless them and God bless America.
NFL Lives next.
Were back on July 11th.
Im Clinton Yates kiddos.
Got it!
NFL Live packed with special guest stars today.
Jaguars quarterback Jalen Ramsey joins the show live to talk about how the Jags bounced back this year.
Well also talk to Browns tight end David Njoku about all the excitement in Cleveland and whats ahead for the Browns.
And since tomorrow is Independence Day we will show you some of the best independent plays in NFL history.
Youll wanna stick around if only to find out what we mean by that.
Oh yes if you just cant get your holiday weekend started without hearing 90 more minutes of NFL offseason content you have come to the right place.
Dan Graziano here with Damien Woody and Mike Tannenbaum.
Lots to get to on the eve of your long holiday weekend but we will start with the situation regarding Ezekiel Elliott.
The Cowboys superstar running back met Tuesday with NFL commissioner Roger Goodell to discuss a recent incident involving Elliott and a security guard in Las Vegas.
Elliott was briefly detained but not arrested in the incident.
Given his history with the leagues personal conduct policy the commissioner called him in for a discussion.
Following that discussion Elliott posted the following statement on Twitter.
Earlier today I met with the commissioner to share with him what occurred in Las Vegas and what I have learned from that incident.
Ive worked hard to make better decisions and to live up to the high standards that are expected of me.
I have failed to do that here and I made a poor decision.
I apologized to Kyle Johnson thats the security guard in question at the time and I meant it.
I need to work harder to ensure I do not put myself in compromised situations in the future.
I am rededicating myself to use all of the resources that the league has made available.
But in the end it is up to me and I am determined not to be in this position again.
Why is this a big deal?
Well partially because of the warning commissioner Roger Goodell issued to Elliott when he suspended him in 2017.
In his suspension letter at that time Goodell wrote to Elliott You must have no further adverse involvement with law enforcement and must not commit any additional violations of league policies.
You should understand that another violation of this nature may result in your suspension or potential banishment from the NFL.
So look we are not here to make equations or comparisons between things that Ezekiel Elliott did in the past and what this incident was but here he is sort of making the wrong kinds of headlines again.
And being called into the commissioners office no small thing for a player in his situation.
So Mike if youre in the front office of this team and you have a player in this situation.
Hes got a contract situation coming up over the next couple years.
What kind of conversation do you need to have with him at this time?
Yeah you need to have a direct honest and very difficult conversation.
You have to let him know that this behavior is unacceptable and this is more than one instance.
And as you said Dan maybe its not as significant as the one that happened in the past.
But from the Cowboys organization what I would tell him is Look were gonna hit pause on your contract negotiations.
Theres four other players right now that the Cowboys have.
Dak Prescott their starting quarterback Amari Cooper who they traded for from the Oakland Raiders.
And two good defensive players in Jalen Smith and Byron Jones.
All four of those players are going into the last year of their respective contracts.
They have played well and acted flawlessly off the field.
I would have that conversation with Ezekiel Elliott to say While we appreciate what youve done on the field right now youre under contract for this year.
We have the option for 2020 and we can franchise you the year after.
So basically for the next three years we can control your rights.
And because of the way youve acted were hitting pause and it may not be what you wanna hear.
But thats the conversation you need to have with the player.
Damien from the standpoint of a teammate of a guy like this in this situation what conversation are you having with him?
Well listen I think its just important that youre available.
Because for a veteran at the end of the day if the guy who basically stirs the drink isnt available youre affecting my money.
Youre affecting everybody in the organization.
I mean think about it.
Jason Garrett is this is like his contract year.
This is his year do or die year and youre putting yourself youre Ezekiel Elliott youre putting yourself in a compromising situation where you could be potentially suspended and not available to the team.
Theres so much riding on the Dallas Cowboys this year that its all hands on deck.
And if Im a veteran in the locker room Im like Dude okay lets chill out calm down.
You cant keep putting yourself out there because youre hurting everybody not just yourself.
And Damien to your point about how Ezekiel Elliott stirs the drink look at Dak Prescott he has some passer rating of 122 from when its play action.
And the reason thats so effective is the opposing defense is worrying about Ezekiel Elliott.
So that is not by coincidence that he has such a high passer rating from when theyre in play action because everythings gonna be keyed on Ezekiel Elliott.
So if hes not available it does disrupt.
Now look Amari Cooper was a very valuable acquisition but without Ezekiel Elliott that offense is a lot easier to defend.
So no question obviously about the importance of Ezekiel Elliott to the Cowboys offense.
They struggled without him in 2017 when he was suspended.
We await word from the commissioners office on whether he will face discipline for this latest incident and if that word comes in the next hour and a half we will of course bring it to you.
In the meantime though were gonna move on to the sillier portion of our show.
Tomorrow is the 243rd anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
We didnt have access to Thomas Jefferson we have Damien Woody and we have Mike Tannenbaum but even though they might not have been the first choice on declarations Jefferson couldnt make it.
Weve decided to ask them of some declarations of their own.
So basically what this is going to be is something you feel strongly about something you feel like declaring about the upcoming NFL season.
It doesnt have to be about life liberty or the pursuit of happiness.
It has to be about football.
Damien start with you.
Whats your first declaration of the day?
So my declaration is that Kirk Cousins will be the best quarterback in the NFC North this year.
Whoa whoa.
Yes.
Im going out there on Kirk Cousins and the Minnesota Vikings.
I love what the Vikings did in the draft adding a couple pieces up front on the offensive line.
They have arguably the best wide receiver tandem in Thielen and in Diggs on the outside.
They drafted Irv Smith you know tight end from Alabama to go along with Kyle Rudolph.
And obviously Dalvin Cook in the backfield.
So everything right now is readymade.
Mike T. is trying to jump in on this but Im not gonna let him jump in.
I am adamant right now that Kirk Cousins is gonna get it done in the NFC North this year.
Dont make me look like a fool Kirk Cousins.
Yeah were gonna have an NFL constitutional crisis because let me tell ya.
I got the words Aaron Rodgers.
Listen I understand Aaron Rodgers is in the NFC North and I got much love and respect for Aaron Rodgers but I also look at this.
What did the Green Bay Packers how much addition did the Green Bay Packers add to Aaron Rodgers you know that offense to help Aaron Rodgers this upcoming year?
Not much.
I didnt see much of anything this year.
Guys to develop.
Like I said with Kirk Cousins this is the year.
Hes getting paid a boatload of money.
The Minnesota Vikings drafted guys up front to help on their offensive line and I think this is the year that Kirk Cousins makes a statement in the National Football League.
So if he does what does that mean for the Vikings?
How far can they take it?
They can go to the Super Bowl.
Oh boy.
Vikings.
If you have This is how we do declarations.
If you havent figured it out by now Im pretty bullish on the Minnesota Vikings.
But Damien we know the sign of great players when they make everybody else around them better.
Isnt that one of Aaron Rodgerss greatest strengths is that he could elevate the play of his teammates?
And I agree Minnesotas had a good offseason Dalvin Cooks coming back.
But at the end of the day isnt Aaron Rodgers the better player than Kirk Cousins?
Yeah Cousins had the highest completion percentage of any NFC North quarterback last year and the most touchdown passes.
But as he would tell you he was only 161 against teams with winning records.
Obviously you gotta do better than that.
Mike what do you got to compete with that Damien Woody declaration?
Well I will stay with the same position.
And Im going to declare that Kyler Murray will not play in 16 games And my concern for Kyler Murray is his play style is very similar to someone like Marcus Mariota.
Marcus Mariota throughout his career has never played in 16 games.
And while Kyler Murray is a dynamic athlete because of his build I think at some point its gonna be hard for him to answer the bell at some Sunday this season.
And I could see him missing at least one game.
So my declaration is Kyler Murray based on his size based on the way he plays he will not play in 16 games.
Very interesting because a lot of excitement about Kyler Murray and that Kliff Kingsbury offense there in Arizona the first year.
But he is a scrambler.
He scrambled 41 times last year ninth most of any FBS quarterback.
Thats certainly going to be part of his game.
They say that that helps when they are questions on the offensive line.
Do you buy it or do they need to be better up front?
No they need to be better up front.
Im a big believer listen.
Football isnt very complicated you gotta block you gotta tackle catch and all those type of things.
And what we saw from the Arizona Cardinals last year they couldnt block their way out of a wet paper bag.
So this is gonna be a situation that bears watching as far as Kyler Murray and protecting him moving forward.
Mike By the way we heard the same spiel a couple years ago when I was the general manager of the Jets we were trying to sign Damien Woody the offensive lineman he reminded us then about how important the offensive line is.
Damien Yeah and listen the tape dont lie.
The tape doesnt lie.
It was a softball I knew I was setting him up.
I like to take care of Damien on the summer show.
Thats right thats right.
To get through together.
We got more to do though.
Coming up on NFL Live as we mentioned earlier Independence Day is tomorrow.
Were not on the air tomorrow were gonna celebrate it a day early with the NFLs most independent plays.
Looking at the guys who can do it all by themselves.
Speaking of doing it all Cam Newton may be rehabbing his throwing arm but that doesnt mean he cant catch.
Which quarterback has the best hands?
Damien Woodys gonna take a shot at ranking those.
Plus Jalen Ramsey one of the top trashtalkers in the game but has he changed his ways?
Well bring him in live and he will tell us.
I go out there with a little swag.
Sometimes I just go out there and just I just let the receiver know every play.
Hey this gonna be a long game for you.
Youre trash compared to me.
I got a very very small loan from my father.
You gotta start somewhere.
Im a reporter from the New York Times.
Bank statements tax returns.
Thousands of copied records deeds mortgages.
1995 showed that he was bleeding money.
Go through it all understand it all.
Holy.
Number by number.
Brick by brick.
Thats when we realized thats fraud.
Trump I built this empire I did it by myself.
Narrator New for summer its Bud Light Lemon Tea brewed with real lemon peels and aged on real tea leaves.
Yes its real.
No youre not dreaming.
Hey dont do that.
Doesnt that cloud right there look like a penguin?
That looks just like your house thats being burglarized theyre stealing your TV right there.
Oh and right there its a bear destroying your car.
You need a vacation.
You know Chris some of us dont have an offseason.
Narrator Pieces or cups?
Pieces or cups?
Pieces in cups!
Man were killing it over here huh?
Not sorry Reeses  Summer nights keeping me up   I wanna waste time just looking up   Sky full of stars mind wandering far   Like were 16 dreaming in the dark   Love the wind in my hair as I drive my car   It makes me feel free  Narrator Now get exceptional offers at the Infiniti Plus Summer Sales Event Narrator In every trip theres room for more than just the business you came for.
Whether thats taking in every moment or capturing a moment worth bringing back.
Thats room for possibility.
Yay.
I switched to Miralax for my constipation.
Stimulant laxatives forcefully stimulate the nerves in your colon.
MiraLAX works with the water in your body to unblock your system naturally.
And it doesnt cause bloating cramping gas or a sudden urgency.
MiraLAX look for the pink cap.
So I can buy from Enterprise Car Sales and youll take any tradein?
Thats right.
Great.
There you go.
Well it does need to be a vehicle.
But I need this out of my house.
With a fair transparent value for every tradein.
Enterprise makes it easy.
Yes?
We were all shocked that the Odellicatessans first pick of the fantasy draft would be a rookie.
Who shaped your strategy?
At this timeIll take this one Lindsey.
It was mine.
Rollin With My Homies?
Im sorry my lawyer says I cant speak at this moment so.
Honey Bunches of Oats is there any connection between your attire and your record last season?
Oh no.
Narrator Do you take your fantasy draft as serious as we do?
Prove it for the chance to have Commissioner Goodell host your leagues draft live at NFL headquarters.
Narrator NFL Live is brought to you by Pizza Hut no one outpizzas the Hut.
Its something that my mom always warns me about you only get one set of teeth.
From ear to ear hes always smiling.
Im happy to be a part of that.
Hes always kidding around and keeping it light.
If Im feeling good I know that its gonna be contagious enough around others.
Dan Why is Cam Newton smiling because hes awesome.
He can run he can throw and apparently he can catch.
Recently in an Under Armour camp showing off his hands running a go route catching a onehander behind his back.
Odell Beckham has got nothing on Cam.
So got us to thinking as we do in the offseason and I know Damien always says we dont give quarterbacks enough attention around here.
One of the most best quarterback catches of alltime.
This Mohammed Sanu pass had trouble written all over it until Andy Dalton made a leaping catch to bail out his receiver.
Took it rest of the way to the endzone finishing with a sweet dive to the pylon.
Look at Andy laying out.
Damien He couldve gotten smoked right there.
Dan What about Andrew Luck in college.
He had a couple of targets last season maybe its because Frank Reich took a look at this onehanded catch he made when he was at Stanford.
The catch is impressive enough but he also gets that foot inbounds.
Damien Wow.
Dan Not a catch in the NFL though right?
Damien Not a catch in the NFL.
Dan Gotta work on that toe tap.
Damien Gotta drag it.
Great athlete though.
Yeah no kidding.
Thats pretty clear there.
But I dont think theyre gonna have him doing too much of that.
Of course the Philly special.
How do we forget the Philly special?
First catch by a quarterback in Super Bowl history.
Nick Foless acting job before the snap mightve been even more impressive than the catch itself.
But what a moment alltime moment in NFL and certainly Eagles history.
So obviously quarterbacks are allaround athletes too.
In some cases.
Yeah.
I know I know it hurts you.
It hurts.
To give this much praise to quarterbacks but here we are.
Its July 3rd man were gonna do it.
Were gonna grind out this content.
Damien I want your list of the most versatile quarterbacks currently playing in the NFL.
The guys who can do remarkable things.
Yeah so number five were gonna start with this big guy right here in Josh Allen.
The thing I love about Josh everyone talks about the huge cannon arm right?
He can throw it all over the place.
But look it here I didnt know he was an Olympic hurdler as well.
I mean just jumping over the Minnesota Viking defender right there.
I mean that was a huge play in that Buffalo Bills win up in Minnesota last year.
So this dude is a tremendous athlete.
Look for him to have a big year this year.
He led the Bills rushing last year.
Thats right thats right.
You guys were looking at quarterbacks a little bit you know with the Dolphins two years ago.
Whatd you think him coming out?
Yeah everything that Damien said.
Hes big strong can make all the throws.
Hes gonna have to learn how to kind of corral that in so he can play a full season.
Hes gonna be taking a lot of hits.
You mean play quarterback?
Yeah.
Number four what you got?
Number four right here were gonna go right here with Mitchell Trubisky.
I mean listen I almost wanna call Mitchell Mitchell Vick.
You look at this run right here he started at the 15 goes all the way back to the 30.
This play here against the New England Patriots.
Just watch this guy run.
Hes a really good athlete.
He can really run with the football in his hand.
Dangerous both throwing and running the football.
So again guy just takes off in the pocket.
Hes pulling away from people here.
Listen when a defense gotta defend both of those aspects of a quarterback makes it awfully tough.
I think hes done a great job of designing an offense to play to his strength.
Brought a lot of those Andy Reid concepts from Kansas City.
Thats a hard offense to defend.
Number three?
So number three get you a quarterback that can do both.
We got Big Ben here.
Listen we all know Big Ben is a future Hall of Famer but how about this?
How about with the pooch punt right here.
Playing situational football at that Mike T. Situational football downed the ball inside the one yard line huge play.
Again Big Ben showing off his prowess with another pooch punt.
Setting it up right here setting it up for the special teams so.
When you got a quarterback that can not only go out there and throw for 300 yards but can set your field position up guy deserves to get paid.
You know he must enjoy that.
They call that pooch punt he must be loving it.
Oh absolutely absolutely.
Must be hard to keep a poker face.
Number two?
So number two we got Killa Cam Cam Newton right here.
Number two huh?
Listen Cam Newton is obviously a physical freak of nature youre going to see why right here.
That little trick play boom!
Dropped the hammer down on the defensive lineman.
How many quarterbacks are willing to throw their shoulder in on a defensive lineman right here.
Just knocking him down to the ground.
Cams not a small Cams a big boy at quarterback.
So it really doesnt surprise me that he knocked that defensive lineman on his butt but again an offensive lineman can appreciate a quarterback thats willing to throw his body in there for the play.
He is physically imposing.
When you see him come out for warmups.
You think wow this guy could be a lot.
He is a physically imposing player that happens to be a quarterback.
Thats right thats right.
Couldnt even do a quarterback segment without you talking about blocking unbelievable.
And then obviously.
This guy.
This right here Hall of Famer right here Patrick Mahomes.
And listen we always talk about as a father you always talk about having your kids involved in more than one sport.
Well heres why you see a guy in Patrick Mahomes.
Great football player also great baseball player.
You see him throwing from all different arm angles.
Being able to make plays throwing with his left hand.
I mean he did this time after after time again during the season and thats what made him special.
Nolook passes and to me thats the product of playing multiple sports.
They kind of intertwine with each other.
And the big reason why he was the NFL MVP last year.
Mike when youre evaluating quarterbacks and you look at allaround play.
How much does it factor in how athletic they are or whether they can do other stuff like this?
Its really important.
Look it starts with accuracy.
But being able to buy a second chance.
You know we touched on it earlier in the show about Kyler Murray playing behind that Arizona offensive line.
The fact that hell be able to avoid move up in the pocket sometimes its not about just gaining yards but its about avoiding the big hit extending the play keeping your eyes down the field.
Its really important and thats a skill that transfers from college to pros.
And as you mentioned Damien what Patrick Mahomes did at Texas Tech in that offense were seeing with the Kansas City Chiefs.
Do you guys know trivia time here.
Do you guys know which active NFL quarterback has the most career catches?
They dont know.
No.
Drew Brees he has eight.
Wow.
How about that?
Eight?
Really?
Yeah well run them back well run them back.
Maybe another show later in the summer well do Drew Brees highlight catches.
And maybe have you rank them.
For the content we need the content.
When we come back Jalen Ramseys not been shy about sharing his opinion on things like quarterback rankings.
Now hes got a Super Bowl MVP leading his offense.
Does Jalen think Nick Foles can lead this team to a championship?
He will join us live.
Remember that degree you got in taxation?
Of course you dont because you didnt.
Your job isnt understanding tax code its understanding why that will get him a body like that.
Move!
That.
Your job isnt doing hard work here.
Its making her do hard work and getting paid for it.
Narrator Snap and sort your expenses to save over 4600 at tax time.
Jody its time to get yours.
Narrator QuickBooks backing you.
Narrator The hamsters run hopelessly in their cage content on their endless quest to nowhere.
But perhaps this year a more exhilarating endeavor awaits.
Defy the laws of human nature at the Summer of Audi Sales Event.
Get exceptional offers now.
Narrator Discover a new wave of refreshment crafted using our unique brew pure process.
White Claw Hard Seltzer nothing tastes quite like it.
Narrator Home its so much more than a house.
Its your own freshly cut fairway.
For over 30 years Rocket Mortgage has helped millions of Americans finance the home of their dreams.
Nope nope.
Narrator So you can focus on making your house home.
Rocket Mortgage push button get mortgage.
Mom Look make a wish.
I wish for a Biggie Bag from Wendys.
I wish everyone loves each other and was all That is a great wish Jimmy.
Narrator Get a Bacon Double Stack with a quarterpound of fresh beef nuggets fries and a drink for just five bucks.
Wendys Biggie Bag is everything you could wish for.
Narrator Break down every dinger with launch angle exit velocity apex and distance.
The TMobile Home Run Derby Stat Cast Edition powered by AWS.
Monday at eight on ESPN2.
Im Tracy Morgan and Im hosting the 2019 ESPYS.
I first met Brady in 2002 and neither of our bodies have changed a bit.
Hey hey eyes up here my man.
This is prosperity.
Narrator Personal training just got a lot more personal.
Good morning from Bora Bora.
Narrator Introducing the allnew XSeries from NordicTrack.
Ready to get started on todays workout lets go.
Narrator All you have to do is press start.
So glad you can join me this morning lets go.
Narrator Your trainer controls the speed.
Well take it up to 60 percent.
Narrator Incline decline and duration of your workout.
This is what results in your home on your terms looks like.
You can take advantage of our special 36 month financing for qualified buyers.
Only at NordicTrack.com.
MLK We hold these truths to be selfevident that all men are created equal.
JFK The torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans.
Barbara Jordan The American Dream need not forever be deferred.
As the richest and the most powerful country.
Jalen Hey if you dream about catching this ball on me you better wake up and apologize.
I go out there with a little swag.
You soft today like you weak today.
Announcer Its picked off by Jalen Ramsey.
It looked like Ramsey came over the top.
Mike Hes a physical corner who can suffocate any receiver.
Jalen Sometimes I just go out there.
Ill let the receiver know every play hey this is gonna be a long game for you.
Ill call out their route just to let them know look Im on my game today.
Announcer Intercepted by Jalen Ramsey.
Jalen Youre trash compared to me.
Very pleased to welcome in to NFL Live Jaguars cornerback Jalen Ramsey who joins us today from London England.
Jalen I gotta start here I was dismayed when you recently told our Adam Scheffter that you were going to get out of the business of evaluating quarterbacks.
You were so good at it why have you decided to stop?
Really I went through most of them last year I think.
To be honest I didnt think I needed to do it again.
My opinions were my opinions and they didnt really change too much.
So yeah I just didnt feel the need to do it again.
I wanted to pump up Nick a little bit at minicamp and I was excited to see Nick out there.
So I wanted to pump Nick up a little bit.
But yeah just got away from it for a little bit.
Im gonna ask you about Nick in a little bit but Im wondering as you went around the league last year did you hear a lot about that interview that you gave where you talked about all the quarterbacks?
People give you a hard time or tell you you were right?
Yeah I mean it was opinionbased.
Exactly how it went we were just talking a little bit and we started off naming like who I thought were the top five quarterbacks.
And then we started going down the whole list and I was kind of saying kind of still keeping that mindframe like yeah hes not top five or hes overrated his this that hes sorry hes good.
Whatever he gets the job done.
Whatever I was saying about each every quarterback.
Yeah just giving some opinions.
Some people of course theyre gonna agree and some people are not gonna agree.
Everybodys entitled to their own opinion.
Absolutely we enjoy it.
But you mentioned your new quarterback Nick Foles joining the Jaguars as a free agent this year.
Whats the one thing about him that jumps out at your so far that you may not have known before he was your teammate?
I mean just how well he practices I guess.
Because Ive of course never practiced with him.
And those three days in minicamp I got to see how he comes out there and he works hard.
And he pushes the guys and he leads the offense.
It was truly impressive.
I had already known and heard about how good of a teammate he was and how good of a person he was in general.
Just seeing him in the locker room being in his presence and you know communicating with him in our few interactions it was super nice.
So starting quarterback is obviously a major change on any NFL team.
Whats the biggest difference in the Jaguars this year versus last year having made that change?
Yeah I do feel like its an upgrade.
Of course I was a fan of Blake.
Blake was a really good teammate to everybody.
But you know having Nick a former Super Bowl champion and Super Bowl MVP we have supreme confidence in him.
And we think that hes going to do a good job of leading our offense.
Of course on the defensive side of the ball we are overflowing with confidence over there and talent and guys who we think can get the job done over there on that side.
So now weve got somebody outside.
To roll with Leonard and DD and all the other guys over there.
So were super excited.
So yeah the defense obviously completely dominant.
Two seasons ago you guys came agonizingly close to the Super Bowl.
And then last year obviously a disappointment for the team all the way around.
So what gives you the confidence that this can be closer to 2017 than 2018?
Were just gonna embrace the journey to be honest.
People say like trust the process and stuff like that.
I really dont even believe in that because we can make how ever many plans we want to in our head and whatever we feel like the process is.
But its truly gonna be a journey.
Its gonna be ups and down and highs and lows and we have to roll with all of them.
We have to roll with the highs we have to roll with the lows and we have to push through it to make sure that we are in position to win the division win the conference and go to the Super Bowl and compete for Super Bowls.
Youve quickly established yourself as one of the better players in your position in the league.
But the NFL being what it is youre still a ways away from free agency.
The Jaguars picked up your contract option for 2020.
Yeah.
Any extension talks yet or is that still on the backburner?
Its on the back burner right now but thats completely fine with how firstround contracts are structured right now in this current CBA teams have a lot of leverage.
They can pick up the fifth year option so unlike other guys who outplay their rookie contract and can reup right now and get basically what theyre worth.
First rounders dont have that luxury.
We have the fifth year option then after that they can either franchise tag and you know do any and every which thing that they want to do.
They have a little bit of leverage but Im gonna let my agent handle a lot of that.
Im gonna just focus on what I can focus on and play ball and help the team win while Im here in Jacksonville.
Hopefully Im here for a long time and when its time to open up contract negotiations well see how things go.
Of course we wanted to get it done this year but it wont get done this year.
And hey it is what it is.
Im moving forward from that.
Weve talked with the Jaguars and everybody whos in charge of that so they know whats up.
They know how its gonna roll.
So youre coming to us from London today.
And obviously the big story over here in the States is the US womens soccer team beating England in the World Cup yesterday.
And whats caught the attention of a lot of people is Alex Morgan right the tea sipping celebration of the goal.
This has become a big huge thing over here and probably there as well.
What are your thoughts on it as a known trashtalker?
I loved it of course.
Just like you said Ive been known to trashtalk myself and do a little bit of it here and there.
So I loved it.
I thought it was very fitting of course because of who they played obviously.
And sealing it up why not have some fun?
I mean were professional athletes of course but were also entertainers in a sense.
We want to keep everything interesting.
So now she gave people everything to talk about a lot to talk about.
I think its cool I think its good.
Jalen Ramsey thank you so much for joining us on NFL Live and sharing your insights.
Best of luck to you this coming season.
Appreciate it thank you for having me.
All right so back to our declarations if you werent here earlier.
Tomorrows the Fourth of July and the anniversary of the Declaration of Independence.
So were making some NFL declarations today here on NFL Live.
Earlier Damien made a declaration about Kirk Cousins.
He was very vociferous.
Mike you got one on the Jaguars?
I absolutely do.
I declare that Nick Foles will lead the Jacksonville Jaguars to the Super Bowl representing the AFC.
And I know that you know this because youre a student of the game but last year in division games the Jacksonville Jaguars averaged less than 10 points a game.
You take what is already a championshiplevel defense led by Jalen Ramsey and this years first round pick Josh Allen with a quarterback who won a Super Bowl two years ago and but for a drop in the last years NFC playoffs may have brought the Eagles to two consecutive Super Bowls so thats my declaration.
This is interesting because Jalen Ramsey has in fact stayed on the line and heard your declaration Mike Tannebaum.
So Jalen Im curious what your thoughts are on Mikes declaration about the Jaguars.
Yeah.
Yeah I love that declaration right there.
Speak it into existence for us I love it.
Im super excited to have Nick on the team and were gonna put all that confidence behind him and were gonna let him lead the offense.
And like you said this defense we have we think some big things could be in store for the 2019 season.
So Jalen when everybody else is getting on that Jaguar bandwagon come the regular season just remember we had this conversation on July 3rd and that was my declaration.
So Im with you guys the bandwagon starts today.
Lets not let anybody else on.
Thanks Jalen.
I got you.
Dan We appreciate you sticking around.
Appreciate yall.
Love it.
That declaration we should have Jalen in and he could do his declaration.
So you just go all in on my head about Kirk Cousins but you all in on Jacksonville.
Listen Nick Foles was great with Doug Peterson.
It seems like they had a chemistry.
So you think they can recreate that in Jacksonville with this whole different cast of characters?
No doubt about it and as you know it starts with the offensive line.
They have a very good offensive line.
They added Jawaan Taylor at right tackle whos gonna start.
Doug Marrone was an offensive lineman played coached it and now hes their head coach.
And it allows them to travel play well on the road.
And with that defense theyre loaded up front.
They have a lot of depth at pass rusher when you look at last years first round pick Tavon Bryant stammering.
Ngakoue?
Ngakoue yes at defensive end.
And Calais Campbell and again Josh Allen this year.
I think they have depth up front.
They have two cover corners in AJ Bouye and Jalen Ramsey you saw.
I think theyre really built well.
And now you have belowaverage quarterback play in Blake Bortles and were being generous with that.
And Nick Foles is a good quarterback so thats my declaration.
Ill tell you one big difference and that might be the reason they sign him.
Foles only threw 23 interceptions in 40 games in Philadelphia Bortles had 58 interceptions in 60 games with the Jaguars.
So they should be better there.
Were gonna have more declarations later in the show.
Were also gonna talk some soccer.
Alex Morgan shook up the Twitterverse with her tea sipping goal celebration that Jalen Ramsey enjoyed.
Which celebrations from NFL history compare to this surprisingly controversial one?
Stay tuned to NFL Live well talk about it.
Narrator Why use PostIt Extreme Notes?
Because they make your message stick.
Getting it said and done right the first time.
Man in Jacket Oh come on!
Narrator Stop the rework with Postit Extreme Notes.
Not running!
Why am I not running?
Because the DQ Summer Blizzard menu is only here for a few more weeks with seven great flavors like new Sour Patch Kids and Brownie Dough.
Not running!
Narrator DQ Happy tastes good.
Hi.
chuckles We all just got new smartphones at Cricket.
Hi.
Hola.
Hi.
Okay bye.
Bye.
Narrator Is Bud Light Orange coming back this summer and never leaving?
And brewed with real orange peels?
The answer is yes.
Yes and yes.
Nice on Mallory.
Whats this?
Oh its their new goal celebration.
Theyre calling it the Huluhaslivesports.
Youve got your standard issue couch and theyre a TV.
How much is Hulu paying them for this?
Hulu has live sports.
 Summer nights keeping me up   I wanna waste time just looking up   Sky full of stars mind wandering far   Like were 16 dreaming in the dark   Love the wind in my hair as I drive my car   Makes me feel free  Narrator Now get exceptional offers at the Infiniti Plus Summer Sales Event.
Narrator In every trip theres room for more than just the business you came for.
Whether thats keeping up with what you always do or training for something youve never done before.
Thats room for possibility.
Narrator If youre thinking about buying a new home heres some great news.
Mortgage interest rates have dropped.
This means right now is a perfect time to save money when youre ready to buy a new home.
But even if youre not ready to buy quite yet thats okay.
At Quicken Loans we believe you should be able to benefit from a great rate before you even begin your home search.
Thats why Quicken Loans created our exclusive RateShield Approval.
Its designed to protect you from unpredictable interest rates.
Heres how our RateShield Approval works.
First we lock your interest rate for up to 90 days while you find your new home.
Then once youve found your new home if rates have gone up your low rate stays locked.
But if rates have gone down your rate drops and you get to keep that new lower rate.
Remember mortgage interest rates are low right now and thats great but you never know when they may rise So protect yourself and take the worry out of unpredictable interest rates with a RateShield Approval exclusively from Quicken Loans.
If youre thinking about buying a home call Quicken Loans or go to RocketMortgage.com today.
Big welcome to all my first time Peloton riders.
Keep it up Peloton.
Lets be better than we were yesterday.
Lets go come on.
Narrator Milestones that keep you coming back.
Janets in for 100 rides for you today.
Narrator Just one part of the best cardio machine on the planet Peloton.
Narrator Exclusively on ESPN Plus UFC 239.
After a successful UFC debut twotime collegiate wrestling champion Ben Askren looks to stay undefeated as he sets his sights on a title shot.
Buy it on ESPNplus.comPPV.
Announcer Dont go anywhere just yet!
With the first pick the New Orleans Pelicans select Zion Williamson.
The New York Knicks select RJ Barrett.
I love the biggest stage I love the challenge.
My dreams came true Im just ready to work.
Dan NBA Summer League action Friday.
Weve got a tripleheader starting at 730 Eastern on ESPN and you wont want to miss that special matchup at 930 Eastern Time featuring former Duke teammates Zion Williamson and RJ Barrett facing off for the first time as pros.
Speaking of the NBA Lakers fan Damien Woody insists that we talk about the Kawhi Leonard free agency situation.
Still waiting for word from Kawhi on where hell end up.
But if it is the Lakers Damiens excited to see that picture right there.
Thats right thats right.
Would form an imposing big three with LeBron James and Anthony Davis.
So I feel like Ive said this about 20 times today.
That got us thinking.
Got us thinking.
About NFL big threes and were looking at some pretty good ones right here.
Mike Tannenbaum why dont you rank them for us.
Count them down starting five to one.
All right number five Im gonna go with the LA Rams staying in LA with come on over.
There you go.
There we go.
Jared Goff Brendan Cooks and Todd Gurley.
The reason why theyre only five is while I like Cooks I dont see him as an elite receiver.
Hes straightline hes fast but not great at changing direction so thats why theyre five for me.
Okay.
Yeah.
Got them to the Super Bowl.
Number four the Atlanta Falcons.
You look at Matt Ryan Super Bowl quarterback Julio Jones arguably the best receiver in the NFL.
And then obviously Freeman coming off the injury but hes a good running back.
So I think thats a really solid three guys right there.
Both of those running backs coming off of injury.
Their seasons could really rest on those two guys to some extent right?
Damien Absolutely and you know the Falcons they drafted a couple of linemen up front so it should be good news for Matt Ryan and Devonta Freeman.
Always the linemen huh?
Yeah thats right.
We should have done big three offensive linemen.
Yeah exactly.
Cowboy and whatever else.
Number three the Dallas Cowboys.
Hey.
A lot of people dont realize this but Dak Prescott 3216 as a starting NFL quarterback.
Ezekiel Elliott arguably as good a running back as there is in the league.
And Amari Cooper all they did last year was go 72 after the trade.
And they were number one over the last nine games on third down.
Dan Number two what have you got?
Okay the New Orleans Saints led by future Hall of Famer Drew Brees at quarterback.
Dan Heard of him.
Michael Thomas who is.
Hes not bad.
Who is not bad right maybe a tick below Julio Jones and not far behind him Alvin Kumara.
And what I love about Kumara is not only is he a great running back but hes great out of the backfield as a receiver.
And he puts so much pressure on other teams defense.
Dan Who could be better than that?
Im a little surprised thats not number one.
Yeah lets see Mike.
Who you got at number one?
One of your former teams.
Oh okay.
The New England Patriots.
As someone thats been in the AFC East for 20 years trying to compete with these guys.
Tom Brady best quarterback of alltime.
Julian Edelman I have so much respect and admiration for him college quarterback he has rolled himself into a great player.
And look Sony Michel is the player that Zeke Elliott or Alvin Kumara is but he was a first round pick he got better as the year went on.
If he can overcome a knee injury hes gonna turn into being a good NFL running back.
But Tom Brady it starts with him.
You know Mike Im so disappointed in you right now.
You know why you left off my Minnesota Vikings right here.
I dont know why you dont believe in Kirk Cousins.
Obviously this might be the best duo in the league in Adam Thielen and Stefon Diggs.
What is up with the hate against the Minnesota Vikings?
You need to explain yourself to all the purple peopleeaters out there.
I watched the tape thats why.
Whoa!
All right all right.
That is a good group.
Im not saying its not likewise with Pittsburgh and obviously Kansas City.
These are all good but youre talking about a Hall of Fame quarterback in Tom Brady Hall of Fame quarterback in Drew Brees.
You look at Dallas look Matt Ryan certainly has a Hall of Fame credentials possibly.
And I think that five is a really highlevel.
Nothing to be ashamed of over here but not in the top five.
Do you think that if Dalvin Cook is a healthy running back this year he could be good enough to put them in this kind of category?
Boy thats a really good question.
I think Dalvin Cook is a gamechanger.
Kirk Cousins is at best with a good running game good offensive line play action.
And Dalvin Cook could hopefully not only help the running game but their passing game.
Those are our big threes.
Still nothing on Kawhi sorry well let you know if we hear anything but in the meantime were gonna talk to Browns tight end David Njoku about all the good stuff coming up this year in Cleveland.
Whats up DK?
I know youre asking yourself am I worth the hype?
Announcer Are you kidding me?
Why we love the combine.
Can I live up to it all?
See thats the thing about hype.
It can make you or break you.
And heres what Ive learned they get to ask all the questions but only you get to answer.
Announcer The Seattle Seahawks select DK Metcalf.
Larry Good luck DK.
Narrator New for summer.
Here for summer arriving this summer.
Its Bud Light Lemon Tea.
New for summer.
Ive waited my whole life for this.
You ready?
Are you?
Look make a wish.
I wish for a Biggie Bag from Wendys.
I wish everyone loves each other and was all That was a great wish Jimmy.
Narrator Get a Bacon Double Stack with a quarter pound of fresh beef nuggets fries and a drink for just five bucks.
Wendys Biggie Bag is everything you could wish for.
Narrator When you need hot or cold therapy for strained or injured muscles.
Dont give up your freedom to get your therapy.
Get that healing feeling with Copper Fit Mobile Rapid Relief Wraps.
Hot or cold therapy wraps that strap in place and stay in place so you can do what you want while getting the therapy you need.
This is the best solution for icing and heating that Ive ever found.
Narrator Get that healing feeling with Copper Fit Rapid Relief Wraps.
Find the entire line of Copper Fit Rapid Relief Mobile Wraps now in Walmart Pharmacy.
Bro.
gasps I got this.
Bro.
Bros?
Bro?
Bro.
Bro!
Bro?
Bro.
Oh bro.
Bro!
Bro.
Later Bromies.
Bros?
Bro!
Narrator Stuber in theaters.
Narrator I bet youve never seen a bed like this.
Its the New Craftmatic Legacy Rising Pillow Rest Adjustable Bed.
Featuring bedside power plugs underbed night lights and more for less up to 50 percent less than TempurPedic Sleep Number and other adjustables.
Call now you gotta see how little they cost.
All right were in this together Peloton.
Three two rise with me!
Make every step a little stronger than the last.
Narrator Over 90 live classes every week.
Just one part of the best cardio machine on the planet Peloton.
Tired of lugging around big bags of pet food and litter?
Get it delivered.
Chewy.com delivers everything your pets need right to your door.
They ship all your favorite brands of dog food cat food litter toys and treats.
All at amazing prices.
Start saving today.
Plus you get fast free shipping.
With Chewy.com you dont have to break a sweat or the bank.
Save 30 percent off on your first order and get fast free shipping.
Shop online at Chewy.com.
Breaking news into NFL Live.
Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott has been informed he will not be suspended for his role in that recent altercation in Las Vegas with the security guard that we discussed at the top of the show.
Elliott met with Commissioner Roger Goodell yesterday and issued a statement last night about his involvement there apologizing.
And we are now being informed that he will not face another suspension.
So obviously a relief for Ezekiel Elliott and for the Cowboys there.
Yeah absolutely listen as a veteran in the locker room this is exactly the outcome that you wanted.
You want all your guys all hands on deck to be available.
This is an important year for everyone within the Dallas Cowboys organization from the head coach on down.
And obviously maybe the most important player for their team is going to be available at the start of the season.
Dan You surprised Mike?
I was mildly surprised because again the personal conduct policys standard is lower than criminal conduct.
So the commissioner could have suspended the player especially because hes a repeat offender.
And the fact that he brought him to New York City shows that it was significant enough for a face to face meeting.
And look at the end of the day hopefully Ezekiel Elliott has learned and all these sort of bumps in the road hes had from off the field are in his past because he is a great player and by all accounts hes a good teammate as well.
So hopefully hes learned from this and hes moved on.
Dan We talked earlier in the show about the kind of conversation you have with a player in this situation if youre the front office.
Does the fact that he isnt being suspended change any part of that message or make it even more difficult to deliver?
No you have to have a stern direct and a very hard conversation that your behavior is not acceptable.
And even though it didnt rise to level of suspension its still not conduct becoming of a Dallas Cowboy.
And again if I was in the front office making the decision I would hit pause on the contract extension.
And I would put my efforts and energy into the good players and the players that have handled themselves the right way off the field starting with the quarterback Dak Prescott and their receiver Amari Cooper.
So hopefully its a lesson learned for Ezekiel Elliott it doesnt happen again.
But if Im the Dallas Cowboys I have to have that conversation with him and tell him what were thinking and why were thinking it.
Damien?
Again as a player in the locker room you just this is what you wanted to hear.
That hes gonna be available and we can go out here and win some football games.
But I mean is there anything to the idea like hes not being suspended so you still have to sort of make sure that something is learned from this right as a player?
Well I mean thats something for the Dallas Cowboys maybe internally as an organization they want to do but for a veteran dont mess with my money.
Thats my biggest thing is when youre not there you affect my play so lets stay on the straight and narrow so we can go out here and win some football games.
Not that this necessarily ever happened to you but do you think being called into the commissioners office even if it doesnt result in punishment is enough to get the message across?
Yeah it should be like a Scared Straight you know.
Like you gotta fly all the way to New York to go talk to big bad Roger Goodell.
You would think like okay all right let me make sure Im on the straight and narrow here.
So hopefully Zeke Elliott has learned from this and the Dallas Cowboys as an organization can move forward now.
I think thats the part that theres a lot of people in the NFL community that are surprised about it because thats what happened the last time two years ago.
Got suspended had to go to the league office and you would think especially with the contract on the horizon that he would really try to be impeccable off the field.
But again hopefully hes learned from it he can move on and put this behind him.
Lot of expectations for the Cowboys this year.
Obviously this clears the decks in terms of one major concern.
They have some contract situations to work through as they head into camp but you see this as a team thats primed for a real serious run this time?
I think the Dallas Cowboys can represent the NFC in the Super Bowl.
I think this team the way that Dak Prescott played after the trade of Amari Cooper from Oakland the numbers speak for themselves.
Across the board completion percentage yards per attempt third down.
All those numbers were significantly better with Amari Cooper.
Doing a trade during the season so imagine now in the offseason obviously youve got a new offensive coordinator in Kellen Moore.
We dont know how thats going to all work out but you think that hes gonna accentuate all the different aspects of Daks game.
This offense this team in general to me is one of the better teams in the National Football League.
Dan Only three teams in the league have won more games than the Cowboys have over the last three years.
Thats the Chiefs the Patriots and the Steelers.
Thats pretty good company.
Yeah and again I dont think Dak Prescott gets enough credit hes 3216 as a starter.
The ultimate measure of a quarterback is winloss record.
And you go back to last year he had a pass rating of 122 on play action plays.
So it shows you the importance of Ezekiel Elliotts availability as you mentioned Damien.
So depending on the health of Carson Wentz I think Dallas has a really reasonable chance of winning this division.
Over the last couple of years Philadelphia has done such a good job of having depth behind Wentz with Nick Foles.
Foles isnt there anymore Nate Sudfeld is going to be their presumptive backup quarterback.
So Wentz has to overcome that issue.
Can he stay healthy for 16 games?
And you look at the way Dallas has built this team on both sides of the ball that I think theyll be right there with Philly going down the stretch here.
So the NFL has released a statement on this issue regarding Ezekiel Elliott announcing that he wont be suspended and it reads like this.
Immediately following reports of an incident in Las Vegas in May involving Ezekiel Elliott of the Dallas Cowboys the NFL conducted a comprehensive investigation that included interviews with multiple witnesses including security personnel and others with direct involvement as well as a review of documentary and other information.
On Tuesday as part of the review NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell met with Mr. Elliott to reinforce the standards of conduct expected of him and the consequences for failing to meet those standards.
Mr. Elliott acknowledged that he demonstrated poor judgment and committed to make better choices in the future.
He volunteered to take advantage of the resources available to him to help him continue to grow personally.
Commissioner Goodell determined there was no violation of the personal conduct policy and no further action is warranted.
So the statement confirming what we were told any quick reactions there?
He got lucky.
I mean he could have easily he couldve easily been suspended again.
You know Mike you had touched upon it prior but usually in these situations this is your second time going to New York to talk to the commissioner youve already been suspended before and you get off with no punishment.
Hes very fortunate to be in this situation.
Something else that they touched on the letter there is that the league and the union both deserve a lot of credit for is the resources that are available to players to coaches to staff in terms of if you feel like you need help.
And there are a lot of resources behind the scenes and hopefully if he needs that that he takes advantage of it and I know they mentioned that in the letter and thats an important aspect of the collective bargaining agreement.
And thats an example of the partnership between the league and the union where they are trying to help players.
So once again the news on Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott no punishment no suspension as a result of his most recent incident.
When we return on NFL Live Alex Morgan woke up social media after casually sipping her tea Tuesday.
Well show you some NFL celebrations that Alex reminded us of.
They want a show theyre about to get one.
Its the T.O.
show right now.
We got your popcorn ready.
Get your popcorn ready.
stammering Thats all folks.
Speaking here from the New York Times.
Hey you see this?
Holy.
Narrator This is Payday bar.
And theres only one thing you need to know about it.
It has a truckload of peanuts surrounding sweet caramel.
I mean holy.
Look at all those peanuts.
The best part is it helps you get through your day.
Payday get to it.
 Summer nights keeping me up   I wanna waste time just looking up   Sky full of stars mind wandering far   Like were 16 dreaming in the dark   Got the wind in my hair as I drive my car   It makes me feel free  Narrator Now get exceptional offers at the Infiniti Plus Summer Sales Event.
Narrator You can tell from the airborne citrus that Bud Light Lime Orange and Lemon Tea are brewed with real lime orange and lemon peels.
Or maybe you cant but there are some firm context clues.
Narrator In every trip theres room for more than just the business you came for.
Whether thats taking in every moment or capturing a moment worth bringing back.
Thats room for possibility.
Narrator Feed your imagination.
Feed your excitement.
Feed your hunger.
When heroes get hungry they get the 12 Extra Large Superhero Pizza at Papa Johns.
Its open.
Hi.
This is amazing.
Narrator With moderate to severe ulcerative colitis.
Are you okay?
Narrator Even when I was there I never knew when my symptoms would keep us apart.
So I talked to my doctor about Humira.
I learned Humira can help get and keep UC under control when other medications havent worked well enough.
And it helps people achieve control that lasts so you can experience few or no symptoms.
Narrator Humira can lower your ability to fight infections including tuberculosis.
Serious sometimes fatal infections and cancers including lymphoma have happened as have blood liver and nervous system problems.
Serious allergic reactions and new or worsening heart failure.
Before treatment get tested for TB.
Tell your doctor if youve been to areas where certain fungal infections are common.
And if youve had TB hepatitis B are prone to infections or have flulike symptoms or sores dont start Humira if you have an infection.
Narrator Be there for you and them.
Ask your gastroenterologist about Humira.
With Humira control is possible.
The only thing we love more than Slinging.
Is showing folks how easy it is.
You got a good grip bro explore all the possibilities.
Oh Sling TV.
Your first time Slinging is always so special.
I cried my first time.
Nick is a very generous Slinger.
I like to share.
Narrator Stop paying too much for TV.
For a limited time get all your favorite live TV channels only 15 bucks for your first month at SlingTV.com.
Narrator What does it mean to be an American playing at Wimbledon?
It means following in the footsteps of some of the best to ever play here.
It means wearing white but dream red white and blue.
It means being part of a new generation of Americans looking to light their own Wimbledon history.
The story continues.
The Championships Wimbledon.
July 4th coverage begins at 6 a.m. on ESPN.
Narrator Keep up with your favorite team on the go with the NFL app.
Get all your updates scores and live games during the season.
Download the NFL app from your app store.
The ESPYS auction is where you can bid on a once in a lifetime experiences like joining me on the set of Sportscenter.
That should be like a million dollars.
Join me in Sunday Night Baseball in the booth.
You can join me and well make a puppet in your likeness.
Come hang out with me and my least favorite son Dan on South Beach.
Scott So bid now at Ebay.comESPN.
As Scott said the ESPYS auction includes amazing experiences across sports and entertainment including these incredible football experiences.
Go to Ebay.comESPN to bid now to July 10th.
All proceeds benefit the V Foundation for cancer research.
If you werent with us in the last segment we did have breaking news on Ezekiel Elliott the running back for the Dallas Cowboys.
The league has announced that he will not face a punishment for his role in a recent incident in Las Vegas involving a security guard.
The commissioner found he did not violate the personal conduct policy so no suspension for Elliott.
Much more on that throughout the day here on ESPN.
Big news yesterday in the other kind of football was the US Womens soccer team beating England in the semifinals of the World Cup.
Since that team cant seem to do anything without people finding a reason to criticize it.
Part of the story has become Alex Morgans teasipping celebration following what turned out to be the gamewinning goal.
The criticism seems to center on the idea that the celebration was directed at the opponent which was England.
But however you feel about it it got us thinking about situations in the NFL where people celebrate and kind of tailor their celebrations a little bit to the opponent.
Week four the year is 2000 49ers and Cowboys.
Terrell Owens celebrates a touchdown by posing on the Dallas star.
Was that aimed at the Cowboys I couldnt tell.
Damien I love it man I love it.
Dan 2018 Week 10 DolphinsPackers Packers Robert Quinn sacks Aaron Rodgers and mocks him with the old Discount Double Check celebration.
Damien If youre gonna dish it you gotta be able to take it.
Come home to roost.
Right.
Dan We got Baker Mayfield.
Oklahoma this is college footage of Baker Mayfield.
OklahomaOhio State OU defeats the Buckeyes and Baker plants the OU flag on the Ohio State logo at midfield again not real subtle.
2011 NFC Wild Card game I was there FalconsGiants.
Hakeem Nicks catches a long touchdown pass and celebrates by doing the Falcons signature Dirty Bird Dance.
I thought Hakeem was too young to even know that dance.
Did his research before the game I like that.
Week 10 2012 PanthersBroncos Von Miller sacks Cam Newton and does Newtons signature Superman celebration.
Von a little takeoff after that.
He practiced that.
Damien Thats right you go into these games you have them dialed up ready to go.
Mike Oh yeah got a little strut there.
Damien Thats right thats right.
How about TO again?
Week 8 2004 EaglesRavens Terrell Owens catches a touchdown pass then celebrates with Ray Lewiss signature pregame dance.
Mike Oh he got it oh thats good.
Damien I love TO man.
Dan Impersonated it before but thats as good as it gets.
Damien If you dont wanna see him do it then you better stop him I always say.
You know he practiced that.
Of course.
Listen that stuff while you front office guys are up in your office or whatever these guys are sitting in the locker room theyre thinking of all types of things to do on gameday so I love it man.
Dan Did you know thats what they were doing down there while you were in your office?
They were studying film?
Come on man dont be a lame.
Look were trying to have fun out here.
This is a sport were trying to have fun.
Look the NFL has allowed some celebrations recently but they still dont like the direct taunting of opponents.
Wheres the line?
sighs Listen for me its competition.
Its competition for me.
I know everyones gonna talk about sportsmanship.
Obviously Im a proponent of sportsmanship but Ive always been under the impression that if you dont want people to celebrate if you dont want people to talk trash stop them.
Stop them plain and simple.
Oh man.
And for me you know when they celebrate as a team its great and the last couple of years there have been some very creative celebrations.
Last year going back to the Steelers theyre bench pressing so to me when its the team Im all for it.
Spoken like a true general manager.
Up in his office while you guys are all practicing your celebrations in the locker room.
Coming up on NFL Live were gonna have much more on the Ezekiel Elliott situation.
Cowboys running back not suspended by the league after his recent meeting with Commissioner Roger Goodell.
Well come back and talk about it some more next on NFL Live.
Let me get this straight after a long day of hard work you have to do more work?
Everyday youre nearly fried to a crisp professionally.
Can someone turn on the AC?
No?
All right.
Because there isnt any.
Here.
Narrator Automatically sort your expenses and save over 40 hours a month.
Without you we wouldnt have electricity.
Our hobby would be going to be early.
Narrator You earned it were here to make sure you get it.
Its time to get yours.
Narrator QuickBooks backing you.
Narrator Tecate bold on the outside light on the inside.
Not running.
Why am I not running?
Because the DQ Summer Blizzard Menus only here for a few more weeks with seven great flavors like new Sour Patch Kids and Brownie Dough.
Not running!
Narrator DQ happy tastes good.
Narrator The ant mindlessly marches on carrying up to 50 times its body weight.
It never questions the task at hand.
But this year theres another more thrilling path to follow.
Kids?
Change of plans.
Narrator Defy the laws of human nature at the Summer of Audi Sales Event.
Get exceptional offers now.
If something happened to you what would happen to them?
Their home their education their future?
You need life insurance.
And chances are Select Quote can help you get it for less than a dollar a day.
Narrator Select Quote found Jacob 40 a 500000 policy for only 19 a month.
And Select Quote found his wife Wendy a 500000 policy for only 17 a month.
Our secret?
At Select Quote we aggressively comparison shop up to 10 highlyrated companies to find you the company with the best rates.
Narrator We found Gary 35 a one million dollar policy for only 22 a month.
Why pay more?
Give your family the security they need at a price you can afford.
Narrator Call 18003948946 or go to SelectQuote.com now and get the insurance your family needs.
At a price you can afford.
Select Quote we shop you save.
Whats good Josh this is Deshaun.
Man I know what youre going through.
You know sometimes you get a great hand.
And the other times you dont.
Living in your dads car always on the move?
You played the hand you had and it paid off.
Announcer Lowers the shoulder and scores.
Deshaun And the cards are about to be dealt again Josh.
The Oakland Raiders select Josh Jacobs.
Deshaun This is your time my dog.
Narrator Personal training just got a lot more personal.
Good morning from Bora Bora.
Narrator Introducing the allnew X Series from NordicTrack.
You ready to get started on todays workout lets go.
Narrator All you have to do is press start.
So glad you could join me this morning.
Lets go!
Narrator Your trainer controls the speed.
Well take it up to 60 percent.
Narrator Incline decline and duration of your workout.
This is what results in your home on your terms looks like.
You can take advantage of our special 36 month financing for qualified buyers.
Only at NordicTrack.com Recapping our breaking news today on NFL Live.
Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott will not face punishment for his role in a recent incident with a security guard in Las Vegas.
Elliott met with Commissioner Roger Goodell for a couple of hours Tuesday of this week and was informed he would not be suspended.
The NFL released a statement explaining it basically says that they found he did not violate the personal conduct policy but they hope that he continues to stay out of these situations in the future Damien what are your thoughts?
Well I mean my biggest thing is does Zeke grow from here?
This is the second time going to New York.
First time was I believe it was a sixgame suspension.
This time obviously he got off with no suspension but you would think that at this point now its time for you to grow and mature and not put yourself in compromising situations because again as a veteran Im depending on you.
Guys in the locker room need all hands on deck so I just want to see more growth and maturity out of Zeke Elliott.
I totally agree and you take that a step further with the contract situation.
If hes behaving like this without that big deal that Todd Gurley deal with 45 million guarantee.
You know from an organization standpoint what is he gonna be like once he has that money?
So not only do I have pause for concern to doing a deal but if and when we get to that point now I really gonna make sure that the structure is appropriate where well guarantee money certainly if he gets hurt playing football but beyond that were gonna want to have the ability to move on from the player if theres a third bump in the road in terms of something happening off the field so hes put himself in that position.
And again hes had some teammates that have played very well like the starting quarterback Dak Prescott and have handled their business off the field.
So hes done this to himself so not only would I consider pausing and not doing a longterm deal if and when we got to that point.
The structure of the contract would be I want the player to take the risk because as an organization if something else happens I want to be able to cut the player and not have to pay him any more money.
Thats a key point if something else happens.
He was warned the last time when he was suspended in 2017.
And he seems to as Damien said earlier maybe he got lucky this time because they certainly could have suspended him again under the personal conduct policy given that warning.
But this is a transcendent player who has led the league in rushing two of his three years.
Led the league in rushing yards per game the year he was suspended.
To get to the point where you release him that has to be a pretty extreme situation doesnt it?
Well listen we all know how the league works.
The more talented you are as a player the more opportunities youre gonna get.
And you said it perfectly hes a transcendent talent.
One of the best players that we have in our league.
But again if youre not available what good are you to the team?
So again you would like to see Zeke Elliott mature and get past these incidences that weve seen from him.
The three years plus or whatever hes been in the National Football League so he can help his team get to where they wanna go which is to the Super Bowl.
Thats right the old saying in pro football production equals tolerance.
And because hes produced such a high level theres been a high level of tolerance.
But at some point thats gonna equal out and hopefully he can learn from this grow and put all this behind him and help the Cowboys try to win a Super Bowl.
Ezekiel Elliott represents the big NFL news of the day.
On ESPN though we dont limit ourselves to NFL.
Our next Canadian Football League matchup on ESPN Plus is tomorrow night its a week four matchup between the 30 Hamilton TigerCats and the Montreal Alouettes.
Looking for their first win of the season.
Thatll be at 730 Eastern.
Everybodys gonna say that we could be and should be Super Bowl contenders.
Who wouldnt aspire to be the Patriots?
Who wouldnt want to be 115 124 team?
I want to get there so we can print that.
I want to get to be what the Patriots are.
Damien The Cleveland Browns are going from the hunter to the hunted now.
Announcer Oh what a catch by Njoku touchdown.
I said I woke up feeling dangerous son.
Im almost giddy.
I feel like a little kid the excitement that I have.
Mike They have no excuse for not being a contender in the AFC to go to the Super Bowl.
They have no excuse.
Cleveland Browns tight end David Njoku joins us now.
Getting ready for a highlyanticipated season in Cleveland.
David weve seen some of what you guys can do certainly individually but what we havent seen is Freddie Kitchens as a head coach.
So tell us whats Freddie like now that hes the head coach?
Freddies a great head coach I believe you know.
Hes a players coach if that makes any sense.
You know he knows what it takes for us to do what we have to do and we know as well.
We put everything together and hopefully good things will happen you know so well see.
Bringing some stability to that situation this year and obviously last year there wasnt.
What was it like going through that last year with all the turmoil and the firings and all that stuff that happened midseason with the coaching staff changes how tough was that?
Yes you know it was a bunch of turmoil you know.
Obviously having your head coach fired and your OC also fired.
It brought a lot of questions and the curiosity.
But I feel like as a team and the players we took it upon ourselves to come together and focus on how we have to finish this year or this past year strong.
And I believe we did just that you know.
I believe this upcoming year is gonna be real special so.
A lot of times players say that stuff the front office stuff coaching stuff doesnt have an effect in the locker room but were there hard feelings?
It seemed like when you guys ran into Cincinnati Baker Mayfield your quarterback had some things to say about the situation.
Was that a widespread feeling?
Theres no hard feelings at the end of the day.
Everyone must understand that this is a business and you have to treat it as such.
So there is no hard feelings you know.
Whatever happened happened it is what it is.
And now were focused on what we have to do to reach our goal this year.
Obviously you guys did not lack for talent on the offensive side of the ball to begin with but Odell Beckham established as really one of the top receiving options in the entire league.
What have you seen from him in terms of what hes shown you on the field and what kind of teammate he is?
Yeah so Odell is an elite athlete.
We were actually all together yesterday.
Jarvis Hollywood Higgins me Baker and a bunch of other guys Seth DeValve Demetrius Harris Pharaoh Brown together working on timing and everything.
So when it comes to us as a unit were very dangerous is the word to say.
Yeah how about personal goals for you?
Obviously you know youre a young player whos still growing in this league.
What do you look at and say heres what I want to accomplish this year and going forward?
As long as I feel that I gave it my all I work to my highest ability then Im content with this year.
I dont really have any numbers.
I was messing around saying 20 touchdowns but honestly speaking I just want to have a great year.
We want to win as many games as possible and we want to obviously go to the Super Bowl and win it.
So thats the big term goal.
When youre looking to improve your game is there something youre specifically working on this offseason that youre trying to get better at?
Oh yeah of course I mean honestly speaking Im working on all aspects.
I dont believe Ive mastered anything regarding the tight end position just yet so its really just everything I want to work on to better myself as an overall tight end and player.
I wanted to ask you a personal question if thats all right.
You have eight siblings is that correct?
Youre one of nine brothers and sisters?
Correct.
Your older brother Innocent studying to be a neurologist.
What kinds of conversationsNeurosurgeon.
Oh neurosurgeon excuse me.
Even more impressive.
What kind of conversations do you guys have about football and the sort of dangers of your chosen profession?
Well obviously he understand as well as I do that football is a dangerous sport.
I have two younger brothers Evidence Njoku he plays at Miami right now University of Miami.
And my youngest one Charles Njoku he just arrived at UCLA to start his summer program as a receiver.
They both play receivers.
So we all understand that football is obviously a dangerous sport but at the same time it is our passion.
And we work extremely hard to be the best we can be.
So my oldest brother Innocent he understands that.
He loves our passion for it but obviously hes the one saying be careful make sure youre safe and everything so yeah thats pretty much it.
I guess it can be handy to have somebody like that in the family.
Yeah I always tell him that once the three of us are done playing football he has to take care of us in all shapes and forms so yeah its all love at the end of the day.
Well hopefully he doesnt have much to do in that regard.
David thanks so much for joining us and best of luck.
My pleasure thank you very much.
So if youre Baker Mayfield the Browns quarterback you have Njoku you have Odell Beckham Jr. you have Jarvis Landry at receiver along with Nick Chubb and Kareem Hunt in the backfield when Hunts suspension is over.
Those five combined for 41 touchdowns last year and they also had 641 touches.
So I guess the big question a good problem to have is there enough to go around in that Cleveland Browns offense?
A lot of pieces.
You know theres a great collection of talent but are they a team?
And thats whats gonna fall on Freddie Kitchens because the Cleveland Browns are in a position they havent been in in a long time where they are the hunted.
And its a totally different position to be in going forward in the season.
Theyre gonna be on primetime a lot this year.
Dan They are.
Damien Lets see what they can do with it.
Mike The one thing we didnt see on that graphic was the lack of experience with their head coach Freddie Kitchens and I believe one day Freddie Kitchens will be a head coach.
But one year ago guys he was a position coach.
Its like learning how to drive a car going 90 miles an hour in the lefthand lane.
And in the division you have John Harbaugh and Mike Tomlin.
Since 2007 Mike Tomlin has the second most wins in the NFL John Harbaugh has the sixth most wins.
So from a coaching standpoint Cleveland is a distant third behind those two rivals.
And how Freddie Kitchens can meld that group will be interesting to watch.
Interesting to watch what we have coming still on NFL Live today.
Were going to have more on the Ezekiel Elliott situation.
Cowboys running back not suspended by the NFL for his recent incident.
And because tomorrow is Independence Day were going to talk about the great independent NFL plays of alltime.
Stick around to see what thats all about.
Whats up Marquise this is Juice.
Listen its not about hype its about heart.
It breaks through walls and outruns demons.
Announcer Showtime.
It outworks everybody.
When they see that they aint gonna know what to do.
Announcer Lights camera action.
The Baltimore Ravens select Marquise Brown.
Bless em my boy.
Dad how do you get a job?
Well first you search for one and thats terrible.
Send off your resume and wait and then if youre lucky you work a job you hate until you die.
Goodnight buddy.
Narrator New for summer its Bud Light Lemon Tea brewed with real lemon peels and aged on real tea leaves.
Yes its real no youre not dreaming.
Hey dont do that.
Narrator In every trip theres room for more than just the business you came for.
Whether thats keeping up with what you always do or training for something youve never done before.
Thats room for possibility.
Look make a wish.
I wish I had a Biggie Bag from Wendys.
I wish everyone loves each other and was al That was a great wish Jimmy.
Narrator Get a Bacon Double Stack with a quarter pound of fresh beef nuggets fries and a drink for just five bucks.
Wendys Biggie Bag is everything you could wish for.
 Summer nights keeping me up   I wanna waste time just looking up   Sky full of stars mind wandering far   Like were 16 dreaming in the dark   Love the wind in my hair   As I drive my car   Makes me feel free  Narrator Now get exceptional offers at the Infiniti Plus Summer Sales Event.
They made the original hot?
echos  Used to shake up my Hot Flamin and mix them with Doritos   Talking about far back we go way way way back   I dont care about that   I aint sharing my snacks  The original now its hot.
So I can buy from Enterprise Car Sales and youll take any tradein?
Thats right.
Great.
There you go.
Well it does need to be a vehicle.
But I need this out of my house.
Narrator With a fair transparent value for every tradein Enterprise makes it easy.
Narrator Planning for retirement?
Quick whats your most valuable asset?
No not these its time.
Because time gives you more opportunity for growth.
So dont waste another minute go to PersonalCapital.com now for a retirement planner that takes the guesswork out of retirement.
A dashboard that shows you all your accounts in one place.
Even your net worth all in real time.
Youll get all these free retirement and investing tools.
Plus wealth management options.
Join at PersonalCapital.com Narrator Giancarlo bashed out a record 61 dingers.
Announcer Giancarlo Stanton what a show tonight.
Narrator The Judges moonshots made us all rise.
Announcer You dont see this everyday this is special.
Narrator And Bryce took the crown with some help from his dad.
Announcer Bryce Harper has won the 2018 Home Run Derby.
Narrator Who will own the Derby?
The 2019 TMobile Home Run Derby Monday at eight on ESPN.
UFC 239 is Saturday in Las Vegas with two of the greatest UFC champions defending their titles.
Jon Bones Jones battles Tiago Santos and Amanda Nunes takes on Holly Holm in the comain events on Payperview starting at 10 Eastern seven Pacific.
You want to order the main card go to ESPNPlus.comPPV and be sure to download the ESPN app if youre watching on your mobile device.
Tonight at six we got Sportscenter after the Get Up NBA Free Agency Special with Kevin Negandhi and Elle Duncan.
They will have the latest on Kawhi Leonards decision plus aforementioned UFC Light Heavyweight champion Jon Bones Jones answers questions ahead of UFC 239 on Saturday.
And American Coco Gauff highlights from her secondround match at Wimbledon.
Thats Sportscenter six Eastern on ESPN and the ESPN app.
Once again recapping our breaking news here on NFL Live.
Ezekiel Elliott the Cowboys running back will not be punished.
The league found that he did not violate the personal conduct policy in an incident involving a security guard in Las Vegas recently.
The NFL interviewed Ezekiel Elliott on Tuesday.
They also spoke with his girlfriend who was there at the time of the incident.
And have determined that he will not face punishment.
Guys weve had a lot of conversation about this but one real quick sort of wrap up on the upshot of Ezekiel Elliott today.
You flirted with fire again you know youve been fortunate.
Now its just focus on the upcoming season.
And for the Dallas Cowboys this is a really important day lets get it wrapped up.
We put it behind us its before July 4th now we can get to training camp.
Its one less distraction to worry about.
And now they can focus on the Philadelphia Eagles and trying to win the NFC East this year.
Mike thanks for the help with the segue.
Tomorrow is in fact July 4th and its called Independence Day.
So before you fire up your grills or dig your feet too far into that sand we wanted to take you through some of our favorite independent plays in NFL history.
These are plays where one guy did it all on his own or independently.
How about Pat McAfee and the Colts 2014 against the Texans.
The kickoff theres no coverage at midfield so he recovers it himself.
Damien Thats a smart play right there by Pat McAfee.
Dan 2009 BillsTitans in the Hall of Fame Game Titans Punter AJ Trapasso takes the snap but its a fake punt and Trapassos just gonna take it all the way.
Got some wheels.
Mike There is no tackling in preseason.
Damien No.
Dan How much fun did he have there?
Number eight 1997 VikingsPanthers.
Vikings quarterback Brad Johnson throws the pass but its batted back to him and sure Ill take it.
Hes gonna run it right in for a touchdown on his own.
Denny Green liked it.
Mike Brad Johnson very underrated career at quarterback.
Absolutely.
No question.
Number seven Marcus Mariota this is the 2017 Wild Card Game TitansChiefs I was there for that one too.
Mariota scrambles throws but gets knocked right back to him by Darrell Revis and hell go ahead and score it himself.
Big comeback that day for Tennessee.
Number six 2017 49ers against the Bears the punt and Tarik Cohen corrals it takes it from the 40 and hes not just gonna let himself get tackled here right?
Damien I mean hes outrunning the coverage.
Dan He had a plan and he stuck to it and look at this its gonna pay off for him.
Mike Ill tell you him and Jakeem Grant are two of the most dynamic players in the open field.
Theyre fast theyre quick and theyre hard to tackle.
Dan Speaking of fast.
How about Mike Vick 2002 FalconsVikings tied at 24 in overtime.
Vick play action gets outside and no ones gonna catch him come on are you kidding me?
Damien This is like a walkoff home run right here.
This was it this was the signature play.
Dan The overtime game.
This is my personal favorite guy.
Number four 1991 CowboysLions.
The one and only Barry Sanders rushing up the side and somehow gets out of this mess.
Oh theyre just not gonna catch him.
Mike Boy youre talking about stopping on a dime.
Dan Thats ridiculous.
Damien I take it those pictures are not in HD.
Dan No definitely not.
Barry deserved it but it was too soon.
Deion Sanders 1989 Falcons versus Rams.
He drops the punt but he recovers and hes gonna take it back.
This is his first punt return touchdown.
I do not know if he also played baseball for the Atlanta Braves that night but I know he did at some point.
So very versatile independent kind of player.
Deion Sanders hes going all the way.
Damien Oh hes gonna highstep it into the endzone.
Speed kills.
On the independent plays.
Number two is a Super Bowl play.
Super Bowl XLIII you remember if you were a Steelers fan.
James Harrison against the Cardinals.
Its first and goal for the Cards.
Kurt Warner is intercepted by James Harrison.
Yes hes gonna hes gonna run it all the way back.
Mike When he catches the ball youre like theres no way he can score on this theres no way.
Theres too many guys that should be able to track him down.
Dan Those Instagram workouts.
Damien How do you let him tightrope the sideline like that?
Man thats awful.
Just push him out.
Dan Big guy though kind of hard to push him out.
Plus youve got like offensive linemen trying to run him down.
Oh.
Oh!
Damien Dan what was all that about?
Dan 2011 NFC Wild Card Game SaintsSeahawks.
Good offensive line work here but Marshawn Lynch did a lot of this on his own.
Runs up the middle breaks tackles left and right stiff arm.
Beastquake Beast Mode.
That was what a 79 Seahawks team beating a defending Super Bowl Champion Saints team.
Yep.
His balance for his size was remarkable he has incredible feet.
Crazy so those are the independent plays.
As far as the squad itself after the game they posted a video of most of the team dancing to the 2007 banger Rock Yo Hips.
If you dont know it that sucks for you.
But the fact that this song is what brings this team together is amazing.
Oh and the name of the group who made it probably describes both countrys histories of money making quite well Crime Mob.
God bless them and God bless America.
NFL Lives next.
Were back on July 11th.
Im Clinton Yates kiddos.
Got it!
NFL Live packed with special guest stars today.
Jaguars quarterback Jalen Ramsey joins the show live to talk about how the Jags bounced back this year.
Well also talk to Browns tight end David Njoku about all the excitement in Cleveland and whats ahead for the Browns.
And since tomorrow is Independence Day we will show you some of the best independent plays in NFL history.
Youll wanna stick around if only to find out what we mean by that.
Oh yes if you just cant get your holiday weekend started without hearing 90 more minutes of NFL offseason content you have come to the right place.
Dan Graziano here with Damien Woody and Mike Tannenbaum.
Lots to get to on the eve of your long holiday weekend but we will start with the situation regarding Ezekiel Elliott.
The Cowboys superstar running back met Tuesday with NFL commissioner Roger Goodell to discuss a recent incident involving Elliott and a security guard in Las Vegas.
Elliott was briefly detained but not arrested in the incident.
Given his history with the leagues personal conduct policy the commissioner called him in for a discussion.
Following that discussion Elliott posted the following statement on Twitter.
Earlier today I met with the commissioner to share with him what occurred in Las Vegas and what I have learned from that incident.
Ive worked hard to make better decisions and to live up to the high standards that are expected of me.
I have failed to do that here and I made a poor decision.
I apologized to Kyle Johnson thats the security guard in question at the time and I meant it.
I need to work harder to ensure I do not put myself in compromised situations in the future.
I am rededicating myself to use all of the resources that the league has made available.
But in the end it is up to me and I am determined not to be in this position again.
Why is this a big deal?
Well partially because of the warning commissioner Roger Goodell issued to Elliott when he suspended him in 2017.
In his suspension letter at that time Goodell wrote to Elliott You must have no further adverse involvement with law enforcement and must not commit any additional violations of league policies.
You should understand that another violation of this nature may result in your suspension or potential banishment from the NFL.
So look we are not here to make equations or comparisons between things that Ezekiel Elliott did in the past and what this incident was but here he is sort of making the wrong kinds of headlines again.
And being called into the commissioners office no small thing for a player in his situation.
So Mike if youre in the front office of this team and you have a player in this situation.
Hes got a contract situation coming up over the next couple years.
What kind of conversation do you need to have with him at this time?
Yeah you need to have a direct honest and very difficult conversation.
You have to let him know that this behavior is unacceptable and this is more than one instance.
And as you said Dan maybe its not as significant as the one that happened in the past.
But from the Cowboys organization what I would tell him is Look were gonna hit pause on your contract negotiations.
Theres four other players right now that the Cowboys have.
Dak Prescott their starting quarterback Amari Cooper who they traded for from the Oakland Raiders.
And two good defensive players in Jalen Smith and Byron Jones.
All four of those players are going into the last year of their respective contracts.
They have played well and acted flawlessly off the field.
I would have that conversation with Ezekiel Elliott to say While we appreciate what youve done on the field right now youre under contract for this year.
We have the option for 2020 and we can franchise you the year after.
So basically for the next three years we can control your rights.
And because of the way youve acted were hitting pause and it may not be what you wanna hear.
But thats the conversation you need to have with the player.
Damien from the standpoint of a teammate of a guy like this in this situation what conversation are you having with him?
Well listen I think its just important that youre available.
Because for a veteran at the end of the day if the guy who basically stirs the drink isnt available youre affecting my money.
Youre affecting everybody in the organization.
I mean think about it.
Jason Garrett is this is like his contract year.
This is his year do or die year and youre putting yourself youre Ezekiel Elliott youre putting yourself in a compromising situation where you could be potentially suspended and not available to the team.
Theres so much riding on the Dallas Cowboys this year that its all hands on deck.
And if Im a veteran in the locker room Im like Dude okay lets chill out calm down.
You cant keep putting yourself out there because youre hurting everybody not just yourself.
And Damien to your point about how Ezekiel Elliott stirs the drink look at Dak Prescott he has some passer rating of 122 from when its play action.
And the reason thats so effective is the opposing defense is worrying about Ezekiel Elliott.
So that is not by coincidence that he has such a high passer rating from when theyre in play action because everythings gonna be keyed on Ezekiel Elliott.
So if hes not available it does disrupt.
Now look Amari Cooper was a very valuable acquisition but without Ezekiel Elliott that offense is a lot easier to defend.
So no question obviously about the importance of Ezekiel Elliott to the Cowboys offense.
They struggled without him in 2017 when he was suspended.
We await word from the commissioners office on whether he will face discipline for this latest incident and if that word comes in the next hour and a half we will of course bring it to you.
In the meantime though were gonna move on to the sillier portion of our show.
Tomorrow is the 243rd anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
We didnt have access to Thomas Jefferson we have Damien Woody and we have Mike Tannenbaum but even though they might not have been the first choice on declarations Jefferson couldnt make it.
Weve decided to ask them of some declarations of their own.
So basically what this is going to be is something you feel strongly about something you feel like declaring about the upcoming NFL season.
It doesnt have to be about life liberty or the pursuit of happiness.
It has to be about football.
Damien start with you.
Whats your first declaration of the day?
So my declaration is that Kirk Cousins will be the best quarterback in the NFC North this year.
Whoa whoa.
Yes.
Im going out there on Kirk Cousins and the Minnesota Vikings.
I love what the Vikings did in the draft adding a couple pieces up front on the offensive line.
They have arguably the best wide receiver tandem in Thielen and in Diggs on the outside.
They drafted Irv Smith you know tight end from Alabama to go along with Kyle Rudolph.
And obviously Dalvin Cook in the backfield.
So everything right now is readymade.
Mike T.is trying to jump in on this but Im not gonna let him jump in.
I am adamant right now that Kirk Cousins is gonna get it done in the NFC North this year.
Dont make me look like a fool Kirk Cousins.
Yeah were gonna have an NFL constitutional crisis because let me tell ya.
I got the words Aaron Rodgers.
Listen I understand Aaron Rodgers is in the NFC North and I got much love and respect for Aaron Rodgers but I also look at this.
What did the Green Bay Packers how much addition did the Green Bay Packers add to Aaron Rodgers you know that offense to help Aaron Rodgers this upcoming year?
Not much.
I didnt see much of anything this year.
Guys to develop.
Like I said with Kirk Cousins this is the year.
Hes getting paid a boatload of money.
The Minnesota Vikings drafted guys up front to help on their offensive line and I think this is the year that Kirk Cousins makes a statement in the National Football League.
So if he does what does that mean for the Vikings?
How far can they take it?
They can go to the Super Bowl.
Oh boy.
Vikings.
If you haveThis is how we do declarations.
If you havent figured it out by now Im pretty bullish on the Minnesota Vikings.
But Damien we know the sign of great players when they make everybody else around them better.
Isnt that one of Aaron Rodgerss greatest strengths is that he could elevate the play of his teammates?
And I agree Minnesotas had a good offseason Dalvin Cooks coming back.
But at the end of the day isnt Aaron Rodgers the better player than Kirk Cousins?
Yeah Cousins had the highest completion percentage of any NFC North quarterback last year and the most touchdown passes.
But as he would tell you he was only 161 against teams with winning records.
Obviously you gotta do better than that.
Mike what do you got to compete with that Damien Woody declaration?
Well I will stay with the same position.
And Im going to declare that Kyler Murray will not play in 16 games And my concern for Kyler Murray is his play style is very similar to someone like Marcus Mariota.
Marcus Mariota throughout his career has never played in 16 games.
And while Kyler Murray is a dynamic athlete because of his build I think at some point its gonna be hard for him to answer the bell at some Sunday this season.
And I could see him missing at least one game.
So my declaration is Kyler Murray based on his size based on the way he plays he will not play in 16 games.
Very interesting because a lot of excitement about Kyler Murray and that Kliff Kingsbury offense there in Arizona the first year.
But he is a scrambler.
He scrambled 41 times last year ninth most of any FBS quarterback.
Thats certainly going to be part of his game.
They say that that helps when they are questions on the offensive line.
Do you buy it or do they need to be better up front?
No they need to be better up front.
Im a big believer listen.
Football isnt very complicated you gotta block you gotta tackle catch and all those type of things.
And what we saw from the Arizona Cardinals last year they couldnt block their way out of a wet paper bag.
So this is gonna be a situation that bears watching as far as Kyler Murray and protecting him moving forward.
Mike By the way we heard the same spiel a couple years ago when I was the general manager of the Jets we were trying to sign Damien Woody the offensive lineman he reminded us then about how important the offensive line is.
Damien Yeah and listen the tape dont lie.
The tape doesnt lie.
It was a softball I knew I was setting him up.
I like to take care of Damien on the summer show.
Thats right thats right.
To get through together.
We got more to do though.
Coming up on NFL Live as we mentioned earlier Independence Day is tomorrow.
Were not on the air tomorrow were gonna celebrate it a day early with the NFLs most independent plays.
Looking at the guys who can do it all by themselves.
Speaking of doing it all Cam Newton may be rehabbing his throwing arm but that doesnt mean he cant catch.
Which quarterback has the best hands?
Damien Woodys gonna take a shot at ranking those.
Plus Jalen Ramsey one of the top trashtalkers in the game but has he changed his ways?
Well bring him in live and he will tell us.
I go out there with a little swag.
Sometimes I just go out there and just I just let the receiver know every play.
Hey this gonna be a long game for you.
Youre trash compared to me.
I got a very very small loan from my father.
You gotta start somewhere.
Im a reporter from the New York Times.
Bank statements tax returns.
Thousands of copied records deeds mortgages.
1995 showed that he was bleeding money.
Go through it all understand it all.
Holy.
Number by number.
Brick by brick.
Thats when we realized thats fraud.
Trump I built this empire I did it by myself.
Narrator New for summer its Bud Light Lemon Tea brewed with real lemon peels and aged on real tea leaves.
Yes its real.
No youre not dreaming.
Hey dont do that.
Doesnt that cloud right there look like a penguin?
That looks just like your house thats being burglarized theyre stealing your TV right there.
Oh and right there its a bear destroying your car.
You need a vacation.
You know Chris some of us dont have an offseason.
Narrator Pieces or cups?
Pieces or cups?
Pieces or cups?
Pieces in cups!
Man were killing it over here huh?
Not sorry Reeses Music Summer nights keeping me up Music Music I wanna waste time just looking up Music Music Sky full of stars mind wandering far Music Music Like were 16 dreaming in the dark Music Music Love the wind in my hair as I drive my car Music Music It makes me feel free Music Narrator Now get exceptional offers at the Infiniti Plus Summer Sales Event Narrator In every trip theres room for more than just the business you came for.
Whether thats taking in every moment or capturing a moment worth bringing back.
Thats room for possibility.
Yay.
I switched to Miralax for my constipation.
Stimulant laxatives forcefully stimulate the nerves in your colon.
MiraLAX works with the water in your body to unblock your system naturally.
And it doesnt cause bloating cramping gas or a sudden urgency.
MiraLAX look for the pink cap.
So I can buy from Enterprise Car Sales and youll take any tradein?
Thats right.
Great.
There you go.
Well it does need to be a vehicle.
But I need this out of my house.
With a fair transparent value for every tradein.
Enterprise makes it easy.
Yes?
We were all shocked that the Odellicatessans first pick of the fantasy draft would be a rookie.
Who shaped your strategy?
At this timeIll take this one Lindsey.
It was mine.
Rollin With My Homies?
Im sorry my lawyer says I cant speak at this moment so.
Honey Bunches of Oats is there any connection between your attire and your record last season?
Oh no.
Narrator Do you take your fantasy draft as serious as we do?
Prove it for the chance to have Commissioner Goodell host your leagues draft live at NFL headquarters.
Narrator NFL Live is brought to you by Pizza Hut no one outpizzas the Hut.
Its something that my mom always warns me about you only get one set of teeth.
From ear to ear hes always smiling.
Im happy to be a part of that.
Hes always kidding around and keeping it light.
If Im feeling good I know that its gonna be contagious enough around others.
Dan Why is Cam Newton smiling because hes awesome.
He can run he can throw and apparently he can catch.
Recently in an Under Armour camp showing off his hands running a go route catching a onehander behind his back.
Odell Beckham has got nothing on Cam.
So got us to thinking as we do in the offseason and I know Damien always says we dont give quarterbacks enough attention around here.
One of the most best quarterback catches of alltime.
This Mohammed Sanu pass had trouble written all over it until Andy Dalton made a leaping catch to bail out his receiver.
Took it rest of the way to the endzone finishing with a sweet dive to the pylon.
Look at Andy laying out.
Damien He couldve gotten smoked right there.
Dan What about Andrew Luck in college.
He had a couple of targets last season maybe its because Frank Reich took a look at this onehanded catch he made when he was at Stanford.
The catch is impressive enough but he also gets that foot inbounds.
Damien Wow.
Dan Not a catch in the NFL though right?
Damien Not a catch in the NFL.
Dan Gotta work on that toe tap.
Damien Gotta drag it.
Great athlete though.
Yeah no kidding.
Thats pretty clear there.
But I dont think theyre gonna have him doing too much of that.
Of course the Philly special.
How do we forget the Philly special?
First catch by a quarterback in Super Bowl history.
Nick Foless acting job before the snap mightve been even more impressive than the catch itself.
But what a moment alltime moment in NFL and certainly Eagles history.
So obviously quarterbacks are allaround athletes too.
In some cases.
Yeah.
I know I know it hurts you.
It hurts.
To give this much praise to quarterbacks but here we are.
Its July 3rd man were gonna do it.
Were gonna grind out this content.
Damien I want your list of the most versatile quarterbacks currently playing in the NFL.
The guys who can do remarkable things.
Yeah so number five were gonna start with this big guy right here in Josh Allen.
The thing I love about Josh everyone talks about the huge cannon arm right?
He can throw it all over the place.
But look it here I didnt know he was an Olympic hurdler as well.
I mean just jumping over the Minnesota Viking defender right there.
I mean that was a huge play in that Buffalo Bills win up in Minnesota last year.
So this dude is a tremendous athlete.
Look for him to have a big year this year.
He led the Bills rushing last year.
Thats right thats right.
You guys were looking at quarterbacks a little bit you know with the Dolphins two years ago.
Whatd you think him coming out?
Yeah everything that Damien said.
Hes big strong can make all the throws.
Hes gonna have to learn how to kind of corral that in so he can play a full season.
Hes gonna be taking a lot of hits.
You mean play quarterback?
Yeah.
Number four what you got?
Number four right here were gonna go right here with Mitchell Trubisky.
I mean listen I almost wanna call Mitchell Mitchell Vick.
You look at this run right here he started at the 15 goes all the way back to the 30.
This play here against the New England Patriots.
Just watch this guy run.
Hes a really good athlete.
He can really run with the football in his hand.
Dangerous both throwing and running the football.
So again guy just takes off in the pocket.
Hes pulling away from people here.
Listen when a defense gotta defend both of those aspects of a quarterback makes it awfully tough.
I think hes done a great job of designing an offense to play to his strength.
Brought a lot of those Andy Reid concepts from Kansas City.
Thats a hard offense to defend.
Number three?
So number three get you a quarterback that can do both.
We got Big Ben here.
Listen we all know Big Ben is a future Hall of Famer but how about this?
How about with the pooch punt right here.
Playing situational football at that Mike T.Situational football downed the ball inside the one yard line huge play.
Again Big Ben showing off his prowess with another pooch punt.
Setting it up right here setting it up for the special teams so.
When you got a quarterback that can not only go out there and throw for 300 yards but can set your field position up guy deserves to get paid.
You know he must enjoy that.
They call that pooch punt he must be loving it.
Oh absolutely absolutely.
Must be hard to keep a poker face.
Number two?
So number two we got Killa Cam Cam Newton right here.
Number two huh?
Listen Cam Newton is obviously a physical freak of nature youre going to see why right here.
That little trick play boom!
Dropped the hammer down on the defensive lineman.
How many quarterbacks are willing to throw their shoulder in on a defensive lineman right here.
Just knocking him down to the ground.
Cams not a small Cams a big boy at quarterback.
So it really doesnt surprise me that he knocked that defensive lineman on his butt but again an offensive lineman can appreciate a quarterback thats willing to throw his body in there for the play.
He is physically imposing.
When you see him come out for warmups.
You think wow this guy could be a lot.
He is a physically imposing player that happens to be a quarterback.
Thats right thats right.
Couldnt even do a quarterback segment without you talking about blocking unbelievable.
And then obviously.
This guy.
This right here Hall of Famer right here Patrick Mahomes.
And listen we always talk about as a father you always talk about having your kids involved in more than one sport.
Well heres why you see a guy in Patrick Mahomes.
Great football player also great baseball player.
You see him throwing from all different arm angles.
Being able to make plays throwing with his left hand.
I mean he did this time after after time again during the season and thats what made him special.
Nolook passes and to me thats the product of playing multiple sports.
They kind of intertwine with each other.
And the big reason why he was the NFL MVP last year.
Mike when youre evaluating quarterbacks and you look at allaround play.
How much does it factor in how athletic they are or whether they can do other stuff like this?
Its really important.
Look it starts with accuracy.
But being able to buy a second chance.
You know we touched on it earlier in the show about Kyler Murray playing behind that Arizona offensive line.
The fact that hell be able to avoid move up in the pocket sometimes its not about just gaining yards but its about avoiding the big hit extending the play keeping your eyes down the field.
Its really important and thats a skill that transfers from college to pros.
And as you mentioned Damien what Patrick Mahomes did at Texas Tech in that offense were seeing with the Kansas City Chiefs.
Do you guys know trivia time here.
Do you guys know which active NFL quarterback has the most career catches?
They dont know.
No.
Drew Brees he has eight.
Wow.
How about that?
Eight?
Really?
Yeah well run them back well run them back.
Maybe another show later in the summer well do Drew Brees highlight catches.
And maybe have you rank them.
For the content we need the content.
When we come back Jalen Ramseys not been shy about sharing his opinion on things like quarterback rankings.
Now hes got a Super Bowl MVP leading his offense.
Does Jalen think Nick Foles can lead this team to a championship?
He will join us live.
Remember that degree you got in taxation?
Of course you dont because you didnt.
Your job isnt understanding tax code its understanding why that will get him a body like that.
Move!
That.
Your job isnt doing hard work here.
Its making her do hard work and getting paid for it.
Narrator Snap and sort your expenses to save over 4600 at tax time.
Jody its time to get yours.
Narrator QuickBooks backing you.
Narrator The hamsters run hopelessly in their cage content on their endless quest to nowhere.
But perhaps this year a more exhilarating endeavor awaits.
Defy the laws of human nature at the Summer of Audi Sales Event.
Get exceptional offers now.
Narrator Discover a new wave of refreshment crafted using our unique brew pure process.
White Claw Hard Seltzer nothing tastes quite like it.
Narrator Home its so much more than a house.
Its your own freshly cut fairway.
For over 30 years Rocket Mortgage has helped millions of Americans finance the home of their dreams.
Nope nope.
Narrator So you can focus on making your house home.
Rocket Mortgage push button get mortgage.
Mom Look make a wish.
I wish for a Biggie Bag from Wendys.
I wish everyone loves each other and was allThat is a great wish Jimmy.
Narrator Get a Bacon Double Stack with a quarterpound of fresh beef nuggets fries and a drink for just five bucks.
Wendys Biggie Bag is everything you could wish for.
Narrator Break down every dinger with launch angle exit velocity apex and distance.
The TMobile Home Run Derby Stat Cast Edition powered by AWS.
Monday at eight on ESPN2.
Im Tracy Morgan and Im hosting the 2019 ESPYS.
I first met Brady in 2002 and neither of our bodies have changed a bit.
Hey hey eyes up here my man.
This is prosperity.
Narrator Personal training just got a lot more personal.
Good morning from Bora Bora.
Narrator Introducing the allnew XSeries from NordicTrack.
Ready to get started on todays workout lets go.
Narrator All you have to do is press start.
So glad you can join me this morning lets go.
Narrator Your trainer controls the speed.
Well take it up to 60 percent.
Narrator Incline decline and duration of your workout.
This is what results in your home on your terms looks like.
You can take advantage of our special 36 month financing for qualified buyers.
Only at NordicTrack.com.
MLK We hold these truths to be selfevident that all men are created equal.
JFK The torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans.
Barbara Jordan The American Dream need not forever be deferred.
As the richest and the most powerful country.
Jalen Hey if you dream about catching this ball on me you better wake up and apologize.
I go out there with a little swag.
You soft today like you weak today.
Announcer Its picked off by Jalen Ramsey.
It looked like Ramsey came over the top.
Mike Hes a physical corner who can suffocate any receiver.
Jalen Sometimes I just go out there.
Ill let the receiver know every play hey this is gonna be a long game for you.
Ill call out their route just to let them know look Im on my game today.
Announcer Intercepted by Jalen Ramsey.
Jalen Youre trash compared to me.
Very pleased to welcome in to NFL Live Jaguars cornerback Jalen Ramsey who joins us today from London England.
Jalen I gotta start here I was dismayed when you recently told our Adam Scheffter that you were going to get out of the business of evaluating quarterbacks.
You were so good at it why have you decided to stop?
Really I went through most of them last year I think.
To be honest I didnt think I needed to do it again.
My opinions were my opinions and they didnt really change too much.
So yeah I just didnt feel the need to do it again.
I wanted to pump up Nick a little bit at minicamp and I was excited to see Nick out there.
So I wanted to pump Nick up a little bit.
But yeah just got away from it for a little bit.
Im gonna ask you about Nick in a little bit but Im wondering as you went around the league last year did you hear a lot about that interview that you gave where you talked about all the quarterbacks?
People give you a hard time or tell you you were right?
Yeah I mean it was opinionbased.
Exactly how it went we were just talking a little bit and we started off naming like who I thought were the top five quarterbacks.
And then we started going down the whole list and I was kind of saying kind of still keeping that mindframe like yeah hes not top five or hes overrated his this that hes sorry hes good.
Whatever he gets the job done.
Whatever I was saying about each every quarterback.
Yeah just giving some opinions.
Some people of course theyre gonna agree and some people are not gonna agree.
Everybodys entitled to their own opinion.
Absolutely we enjoy it.
But you mentioned your new quarterback Nick Foles joining the Jaguars as a free agent this year.
Whats the one thing about him that jumps out at your so far that you may not have known before he was your teammate?
I mean just how well he practices I guess.
Because Ive of course never practiced with him.
And those three days in minicamp I got to see how he comes out there and he works hard.
And he pushes the guys and he leads the offense.
It was truly impressive.
I had already known and heard about how good of a teammate he was and how good of a person he was in general.
Just seeing him in the locker room being in his presence and you know communicating with him in our few interactions it was super nice.
So starting quarterback is obviously a major change on any NFL team.
Whats the biggest difference in the Jaguars this year versus last year having made that change?
Yeah I do feel like its an upgrade.
Of course I was a fan of Blake.
Blake was a really good teammate to everybody.
But you know having Nick a former Super Bowl champion and Super Bowl MVP we have supreme confidence in him.
And we think that hes going to do a good job of leading our offense.
Of course on the defensive side of the ball we are overflowing with confidence over there and talent and guys who we think can get the job done over there on that side.
So now weve got somebody outside.
To roll with Leonard and DD and all the other guys over there.
So were super excited.
So yeah the defense obviously completely dominant.
Two seasons ago you guys came agonizingly close to the Super Bowl.
And then last year obviously a disappointment for the team all the way around.
So what gives you the confidence that this can be closer to 2017 than 2018?
Were just gonna embrace the journey to be honest.
People say like trust the process and stuff like that.
I really dont even believe in that because we can make how ever many plans we want to in our head and whatever we feel like the process is.
But its truly gonna be a journey.
Its gonna be ups and down and highs and lows and we have to roll with all of them.
We have to roll with the highs we have to roll with the lows and we have to push through it to make sure that we are in position to win the division win the conference and go to the Super Bowl and compete for Super Bowls.
Youve quickly established yourself as one of the better players in your position in the league.
But the NFL being what it is youre still a ways away from free agency.
The Jaguars picked up your contract option for 2020.
Yeah.
Any extension talks yet or is that still on the backburner?
Its on the back burner right now but thats completely fine with how firstround contracts are structured right now in this current CBA teams have a lot of leverage.
They can pick up the fifth year option so unlike other guys who outplay their rookie contract and can reup right now and get basically what theyre worth.
First rounders dont have that luxury.
We have the fifth year option then after that they can either franchise tag and you know do any and every which thing that they want to do.
They have a little bit of leverage but Im gonna let my agent handle a lot of that.
Im gonna just focus on what I can focus on and play ball and help the team win while Im here in Jacksonville.
Hopefully Im here for a long time and when its time to open up contract negotiations well see how things go.
Of course we wanted to get it done this year but it wont get done this year.
And hey it is what it is.
Im moving forward from that.
Weve talked with the Jaguars and everybody whos in charge of that so they know whats up.
They know how its gonna roll.
So youre coming to us from London today.
And obviously the big story over here in the States is the US womens soccer team beating England in the World Cup yesterday.
And whats caught the attention of a lot of people is Alex Morgan right the tea sipping celebration of the goal.
This has become a big huge thing over here and probably there as well.
What are your thoughts on it as a known trashtalker?
I loved it of course.
Just like you said Ive been known to trashtalk myself and do a little bit of it here and there.
So I loved it.
I thought it was very fitting of course because of who they played obviously.
And sealing it up why not have some fun?
I mean were professional athletes of course but were also entertainers in a sense.
We want to keep everything interesting.
So now she gave people everything to talk about a lot to talk about.
I think its cool I think its good.
Jalen Ramsey thank you so much for joining us on NFL Live and sharing your insights.
Best of luck to you this coming season.
Appreciate it thank you for having me.
All right so back to our declarations if you werent here earlier.
Tomorrows the Fourth of July and the anniversary of the Declaration of Independence.
So were making some NFL declarations today here on NFL Live.
Earlier Damien made a declaration about Kirk Cousins.
He was very vociferous.
Mike you got one on the Jaguars?
I absolutely do.
I declare that Nick Foles will lead the Jacksonville Jaguars to the Super Bowl representing the AFC.
And I know that you know this because youre a student of the game but last year in division games the Jacksonville Jaguars averaged less than 10 points a game.
You take what is already a championshiplevel defense led by Jalen Ramsey and this years first round pick Josh Allen with a quarterback who won a Super Bowl two years ago and but for a drop in the last years NFC playoffs may have brought the Eagles to two consecutive Super Bowls so thats my declaration.
This is interesting because Jalen Ramsey has in fact stayed on the line and heard your declaration Mike Tannebaum.
So Jalen Im curious what your thoughts are on Mikes declaration about the Jaguars.
Yeah.
Yeah I love that declaration right there.
Speak it into existence for us I love it.
Im super excited to have Nick on the team and were gonna put all that confidence behind him and were gonna let him lead the offense.
And like you said this defense we have we think some big things could be in store for the 2019 season.
So Jalen when everybody else is getting on that Jaguar bandwagon come the regular season just remember we had this conversation on July 3rd and that was my declaration.
So Im with you guys the bandwagon starts today.
Lets not let anybody else on.
Thanks Jalen.
I got you.
Dan We appreciate you sticking around.
Appreciate yall.
Love it.
That declaration we should have Jalen in and he could do his declaration.
So you just go all in on my head about Kirk Cousins but you all in on Jacksonville.
Listen Nick Foles was great with Doug Peterson.
It seems like they had a chemistry.
So you think they can recreate that in Jacksonville with this whole different cast of characters?
No doubt about it and as you know it starts with the offensive line.
They have a very good offensive line.
They added Jawaan Taylor at right tackle whos gonna start.
Doug Marrone was an offensive lineman played coached it and now hes their head coach.
And it allows them to travel play well on the road.
And with that defense theyre loaded up front.
They have a lot of depth at pass rusher when you look at last years first round pick Tavon Bryant stammering.
Ngakoue?
Ngakoue yes at defensive end.
And Calais Campbell and again Josh Allen this year.
I think they have depth up front.
They have two cover corners in AJ Bouye and Jalen Ramsey you saw.
I think theyre really built well.
And now you have belowaverage quarterback play in Blake Bortles and were being generous with that.
And Nick Foles is a good quarterback so thats my declaration.
Ill tell you one big difference and that might be the reason they sign him.
Foles only threw 23 interceptions in 40 games in Philadelphia Bortles had 58 interceptions in 60 games with the Jaguars.
So they should be better there.
Were gonna have more declarations later in the show.
Were also gonna talk some soccer.
Alex Morgan shook up the Twitterverse with her tea sipping goal celebration that Jalen Ramsey enjoyed.
Which celebrations from NFL history compare to this surprisingly controversial one?
Stay tuned to NFL Live well talk about it.
Narrator Why use PostIt Extreme Notes?
Because they make your message stick.
Getting it said and done right the first time.
Man in Jacket Oh come on!
Narrator Stop the rework with Postit Extreme Notes.
Not running!
Why am I not running?
Because the DQ Summer Blizzard menu is only here for a few more weeks with seven great flavors like new Sour Patch Kids and Brownie Dough.
Not running!
Narrator DQ Happy tastes good.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
chuckles We all just got new smartphones at Cricket.
Hi.
Hi.
Hola.
Hi.
Hi.
Okay bye.
Bye.
Narrator Is Bud Light Orange coming back this summer and never leaving?
And brewed with real orange peels?
The answer is yes.
Yes and yes.
Nice on Mallory.
Whats this?
Oh its their new goal celebration.
Theyre calling it the Huluhaslivesports.
Youve got your standard issue couch and theyre a TV.
How much is Hulu paying them for this?
Hulu has live sports.
Music Summer nights keeping me up Music Music I wanna waste time just looking up Music Music Sky full of stars mind wandering far Music Music Like were 16 dreaming in the dark Music Music Love the wind in my hair as I drive my car Music Music Makes me feel free Music Narrator Now get exceptional offers at the Infiniti Plus Summer Sales Event.
Narrator In every trip theres room for more than just the business you came for.
Whether thats keeping up with what you always do or training for something youve never done before.
Thats room for possibility.
Narrator If youre thinking about buying a new home heres some great news.
Mortgage interest rates have dropped.
This means right now is a perfect time to save money when youre ready to buy a new home.
But even if youre not ready to buy quite yet thats okay.
At Quicken Loans we believe you should be able to benefit from a great rate before you even begin your home search.
Thats why Quicken Loans created our exclusive RateShield Approval.
Its designed to protect you from unpredictable interest rates.
Heres how our RateShield Approval works.
First we lock your interest rate for up to 90 days while you find your new home.
Then once youve found your new home if rates have gone up your low rate stays locked.
But if rates have gone down your rate drops and you get to keep that new lower rate.
Remember mortgage interest rates are low right now and thats great but you never know when they may rise So protect yourself and take the worry out of unpredictable interest rates with a RateShield Approval exclusively from Quicken Loans.
If youre thinking about buying a home call Quicken Loans or go to RocketMortgage.com today.
Big welcome to all my first time Peloton riders.
Keep it up Peloton.
Lets be better than we were yesterday.
Lets go come on.
Narrator Milestones that keep you coming back.
Janets in for 100 rides for you today.
Narrator Just one part of the best cardio machine on the planet Peloton.
Narrator Exclusively on ESPN Plus UFC 239.
After a successful UFC debut twotime collegiate wrestling champion Ben Askren looks to stay undefeated as he sets his sights on a title shot.
Buy it on ESPNplus.comPPV.
Announcer Dont go anywhere just yet!
With the first pick the New Orleans Pelicans select Zion Williamson.
The New York Knicks select RJ Barrett.
I love the biggest stage I love the challenge.
My dreams came true Im just ready to work.
Dan NBA Summer League action Friday.
Weve got a tripleheader starting at 730 Eastern on ESPN and you wont want to miss that special matchup at 930 Eastern Time featuring former Duke teammates Zion Williamson and RJ Barrett facing off for the first time as pros.
Speaking of the NBA Lakers fan Damien Woody insists that we talk about the Kawhi Leonard free agency situation.
Still waiting for word from Kawhi on where hell end up.
But if it is the Lakers Damiens excited to see that picture right there.
Thats right thats right.
Would form an imposing big three with LeBron James and Anthony Davis.
So I feel like Ive said this about 20 times today.
That got us thinking.
Got us thinking.
About NFL big threes and were looking at some pretty good ones right here.
Mike Tannenbaum why dont you rank them for us.
Count them down starting five to one.
All right number five Im gonna go with the LA Rams staying in LA with come on over.
There you go.
There we go.
Jared Goff Brendan Cooks and Todd Gurley.
The reason why theyre only five is while I like Cooks I dont see him as an elite receiver.
Hes straightline hes fast but not great at changing direction so thats why theyre five for me.
Okay.
Yeah.
Got them to the Super Bowl.
Number four the Atlanta Falcons.
You look at Matt Ryan Super Bowl quarterback Julio Jones arguably the best receiver in the NFL.
And then obviously Freeman coming off the injury but hes a good running back.
So I think thats a really solid three guys right there.
Both of those running backs coming off of injury.
Their seasons could really rest on those two guys to some extent right?
Damien Absolutely and you know the Falcons they drafted a couple of linemen up front so it should be good news for Matt Ryan and Devonta Freeman.
Always the linemen huh?
Yeah thats right.
We should have done big three offensive linemen.
Yeah exactly.
Cowboy and whatever else.
Number three the Dallas Cowboys.
Hey.
A lot of people dont realize this but Dak Prescott 3216 as a starting NFL quarterback.
Ezekiel Elliott arguably as good a running back as there is in the league.
And Amari Cooper all they did last year was go 72 after the trade.
And they were number one over the last nine games on third down.
Dan Number two what have you got?
Okay the New Orleans Saints led by future Hall of Famer Drew Brees at quarterback.
Dan Heard of him.
Michael Thomas who is.
Hes not bad.
Who is not bad right maybe a tick below Julio Jones and not far behind him Alvin Kumara.
And what I love about Kumara is not only is he a great running back but hes great out of the backfield as a receiver.
And he puts so much pressure on other teams defense.
Dan Who could be better than that?
Im a little surprised thats not number one.
Yeah lets see Mike.
Who you got at number one?
One of your former teams.
Oh okay.
The New England Patriots.
As someone thats been in the AFC East for 20 years trying to compete with these guys.
Tom Brady best quarterback of alltime.
Julian Edelman I have so much respect and admiration for him college quarterback he has rolled himself into a great player.
And look Sony Michel is the player that Zeke Elliott or Alvin Kumara is but he was a first round pick he got better as the year went on.
If he can overcome a knee injury hes gonna turn into being a good NFL running back.
But Tom Brady it starts with him.
You know Mike Im so disappointed in you right now.
You know why you left off my Minnesota Vikings right here.
I dont know why you dont believe in Kirk Cousins.
Obviously this might be the best duo in the league in Adam Thielen and Stefon Diggs.
What is up with the hate against the Minnesota Vikings?
You need to explain yourself to all the purple peopleeaters out there.
I watched the tape thats why.
Whoa!
All right all right.
That is a good group.
Im not saying its not likewise with Pittsburgh and obviously Kansas City.
These are all good but youre talking about a Hall of Fame quarterback in Tom Brady Hall of Fame quarterback in Drew Brees.
You look at Dallas look Matt Ryan certainly has a Hall of Fame credentials possibly.
And I think that five is a really highlevel.
Nothing to be ashamed of over here but not in the top five.
Do you think that if Dalvin Cook is a healthy running back this year he could be good enough to put them in this kind of category?
Boy thats a really good question.
I think Dalvin Cook is a gamechanger.
Kirk Cousins is at best with a good running game good offensive line play action.
And Dalvin Cook could hopefully not only help the running game but their passing game.
Those are our big threes.
Still nothing on Kawhi sorry well let you know if we hear anything but in the meantime were gonna talk to Browns tight end David Njoku about all the good stuff coming up this year in Cleveland.
Whats up DK?
I know youre asking yourself am I worth the hype?
Announcer Are you kidding me?
Why we love the combine.
Can I live up to it all?
See thats the thing about hype.
It can make you or break you.
And heres what Ive learned they get to ask all the questions but only you get to answer.
Announcer The Seattle Seahawks select DK Metcalf.
Larry Good luck DK.
Narrator New for summer.
Here for summer arriving this summer.
Its Bud Light Lemon Tea.
New for summer.
New for summer.
Ive waited my whole life for this.
You ready?
Are you?
Look make a wish.
I wish for a Biggie Bag from Wendys.
I wish everyone loves each other and was allThat was a great wish Jimmy.
Narrator Get a Bacon Double Stack with a quarter pound of fresh beef nuggets fries and a drink for just five bucks.
Wendys Biggie Bag is everything you could wish for.
Narrator When you need hot or cold therapy for strained or injured muscles.
Dont give up your freedom to get your therapy.
Get that healing feeling with Copper Fit Mobile Rapid Relief Wraps.
Hot or cold therapy wraps that strap in place and stay in place so you can do what you want while getting the therapy you need.
This is the best solution for icing and heating that Ive ever found.
Narrator Get that healing feeling with Copper Fit Rapid Relief Wraps.
Find the entire line of Copper Fit Rapid Relief Mobile Wraps now in Walmart Pharmacy.
Bro.
gasps I got this.
Bro.
Bro.
Bros?
Bro?
Bro.
Bro!
Bro?
Bro.
Oh bro.
Bro!
Bro.
Later Bromies.
Bros?
Bro!
Narrator Stuber in theaters.
Narrator I bet youve never seen a bed like this.
Its the New Craftmatic Legacy Rising Pillow Rest Adjustable Bed.
Featuring bedside power plugs underbed night lights and more for less up to 50 percent less than TempurPedic Sleep Number and other adjustables.
Call now you gotta see how little they cost.
All right were in this together Peloton.
Three two rise with me!
Make every step a little stronger than the last.
Narrator Over 90 live classes every week.
Just one part of the best cardio machine on the planet Peloton.
Tired of lugging around big bags of pet food and litter?
Get it delivered.
Chewy.com delivers everything your pets need right to your door.
They ship all your favorite brands of dog food cat food litter toys and treats.
All at amazing prices.
Start saving today.
Plus you get fast free shipping.
With Chewy.com you dont have to break a sweat or the bank.
Save 30 percent off on your first order and get fast free shipping.
Shop online at Chewy.com.
Breaking news into NFL Live.
Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott has been informed he will not be suspended for his role in that recent altercation in Las Vegas with the security guard that we discussed at the top of the show.
Elliott met with Commissioner Roger Goodell yesterday and issued a statement last night about his involvement there apologizing.
And we are now being informed that he will not face another suspension.
So obviously a relief for Ezekiel Elliott and for the Cowboys there.
Yeah absolutely listen as a veteran in the locker room this is exactly the outcome that you wanted.
You want all your guys all hands on deck to be available.
This is an important year for everyone within the Dallas Cowboys organization from the head coach on down.
And obviously maybe the most important player for their team is going to be available at the start of the season.
Dan You surprised Mike?
I was mildly surprised because again the personal conduct policys standard is lower than criminal conduct.
So the commissioner could have suspended the player especially because hes a repeat offender.
And the fact that he brought him to New York City shows that it was significant enough for a face to face meeting.
And look at the end of the day hopefully Ezekiel Elliott has learned and all these sort of bumps in the road hes had from off the field are in his past because he is a great player and by all accounts hes a good teammate as well.
So hopefully hes learned from this and hes moved on.
Dan We talked earlier in the show about the kind of conversation you have with a player in this situation if youre the front office.
Does the fact that he isnt being suspended change any part of that message or make it even more difficult to deliver?
No you have to have a stern direct and a very hard conversation that your behavior is not acceptable.
And even though it didnt rise to level of suspension its still not conduct becoming of a Dallas Cowboy.
And again if I was in the front office making the decision I would hit pause on the contract extension.
And I would put my efforts and energy into the good players and the players that have handled themselves the right way off the field starting with the quarterback Dak Prescott and their receiver Amari Cooper.
So hopefully its a lesson learned for Ezekiel Elliott it doesnt happen again.
But if Im the Dallas Cowboys I have to have that conversation with him and tell him what were thinking and why were thinking it.
Damien?
Again as a player in the locker room you just this is what you wanted to hear.
That hes gonna be available and we can go out here and win some football games.
But I mean is there anything to the idea like hes not being suspended so you still have to sort of make sure that something is learned from this right as a player?
Well I mean thats something for the Dallas Cowboys maybe internally as an organization they want to do but for a veteran dont mess with my money.
Thats my biggest thing is when youre not there you affect my play so lets stay on the straight and narrow so we can go out here and win some football games.
Not that this necessarily ever happened to you but do you think being called into the commissioners office even if it doesnt result in punishment is enough to get the message across?
Yeah it should be like a Scared Straight you know.
Like you gotta fly all the way to New York to go talk to big bad Roger Goodell.
You would think like okay all right let me make sure Im on the straight and narrow here.
So hopefully Zeke Elliott has learned from this and the Dallas Cowboys as an organization can move forward now.
I think thats the part that theres a lot of people in the NFL community that are surprised about it because thats what happened the last time two years ago.
Got suspended had to go to the league office and you would think especially with the contract on the horizon that he would really try to be impeccable off the field.
But again hopefully hes learned from it he can move on and put this behind him.
Lot of expectations for the Cowboys this year.
Obviously this clears the decks in terms of one major concern.
They have some contract situations to work through as they head into camp but you see this as a team thats primed for a real serious run this time?
I think the Dallas Cowboys can represent the NFC in the Super Bowl.
I think this team the way that Dak Prescott played after the trade of Amari Cooper from Oakland the numbers speak for themselves.
Across the board completion percentage yards per attempt third down.
All those numbers were significantly better with Amari Cooper.
Doing a trade during the season so imagine now in the offseason obviously youve got a new offensive coordinator in Kellen Moore.
We dont know how thats going to all work out but you think that hes gonna accentuate all the different aspects of Daks game.
This offense this team in general to me is one of the better teams in the National Football League.
Dan Only three teams in the league have won more games than the Cowboys have over the last three years.
Thats the Chiefs the Patriots and the Steelers.
Thats pretty good company.
Yeah and again I dont think Dak Prescott gets enough credit hes 3216 as a starter.
The ultimate measure of a quarterback is winloss record.
And you go back to last year he had a pass rating of 122 on play action plays.
So it shows you the importance of Ezekiel Elliotts availability as you mentioned Damien.
So depending on the health of Carson Wentz I think Dallas has a really reasonable chance of winning this division.
Over the last couple of years Philadelphia has done such a good job of having depth behind Wentz with Nick Foles.
Foles isnt there anymore Nate Sudfeld is going to be their presumptive backup quarterback.
So Wentz has to overcome that issue.
Can he stay healthy for 16 games?
And you look at the way Dallas has built this team on both sides of the ball that I think theyll be right there with Philly going down the stretch here.
So the NFL has released a statement on this issue regarding Ezekiel Elliott announcing that he wont be suspended and it reads like this.
Immediately following reports of an incident in Las Vegas in May involving Ezekiel Elliott of the Dallas Cowboys the NFL conducted a comprehensive investigation that included interviews with multiple witnesses including security personnel and others with direct involvement as well as a review of documentary and other information.
On Tuesday as part of the review NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell met with Mr.Elliott to reinforce the standards of conduct expected of him and the consequences for failing to meet those standards.
Mr.Elliott acknowledged that he demonstrated poor judgment and committed to make better choices in the future.
He volunteered to take advantage of the resources available to him to help him continue to grow personally.
Commissioner Goodell determined there was no violation of the personal conduct policy and no further action is warranted.
So the statement confirming what we were told any quick reactions there?
He got lucky.
He got lucky.
I mean he could have easily he couldve easily been suspended again.
You know Mike you had touched upon it prior but usually in these situations this is your second time going to New York to talk to the commissioner youve already been suspended before and you get off with no punishment.
Hes very fortunate to be in this situation.
Something else that they touched on the letter there is that the league and the union both deserve a lot of credit for is the resources that are available to players to coaches to staff in terms of if you feel like you need help.
And there are a lot of resources behind the scenes and hopefully if he needs that that he takes advantage of it and I know they mentioned that in the letter and thats an important aspect of the collective bargaining agreement.
And thats an example of the partnership between the league and the union where they are trying to help players.
So once again the news on Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott no punishment no suspension as a result of his most recent incident.
When we return on NFL Live Alex Morgan woke up social media after casually sipping her tea Tuesday.
Well show you some NFL celebrations that Alex reminded us of.
They want a show theyre about to get one.
Its the T.O.
show right now.
We got your popcorn ready.
Get your popcorn ready.
stammering Thats all folks.
Speaking here from the New York Times.
Hey you see this?
Holy.
Narrator This is Payday bar.
And theres only one thing you need to know about it.
It has a truckload of peanuts surrounding sweet caramel.
I mean holy.
Look at all those peanuts.
The best part is it helps you get through your day.
Payday get to it.
Music Summer nights keeping me up Music Music I wanna waste time just looking up Music Music Sky full of stars mind wandering far Music Music Like were 16 dreaming in the dark Music Music Got the wind in my hair as I drive my car Music Music It makes me feel free Music Narrator Now get exceptional offers at the Infiniti Plus Summer Sales Event.
Narrator You can tell from the airborne citrus that Bud Light Lime Orange and Lemon Tea are brewed with real lime orange and lemon peels.
Or maybe you cant but there are some firm context clues.
Narrator In every trip theres room for more than just the business you came for.
Whether thats taking in every moment or capturing a moment worth bringing back.
Thats room for possibility.
Narrator Feed your imagination.
Feed your excitement.
Feed your hunger.
When heroes get hungry they get the 12 Extra Large Superhero Pizza at Papa Johns.
Its open.
Hi.
This is amazing.
Narrator With moderate to severe ulcerative colitis.
Are you okay?
Narrator Even when I was there I never knew when my symptoms would keep us apart.
So I talked to my doctor about Humira.
I learned Humira can help get and keep UC under control when other medications havent worked well enough.
And it helps people achieve control that lasts so you can experience few or no symptoms.
Narrator Humira can lower your ability to fight infections including tuberculosis.
Serious sometimes fatal infections and cancers including lymphoma have happened as have blood liver and nervous system problems.
Serious allergic reactions and new or worsening heart failure.
Before treatment get tested for TB.
Tell your doctor if youve been to areas where certain fungal infections are common.
And if youve had TB hepatitis B are prone to infections or have flulike symptoms or sores dont start Humira if you have an infection.
Narrator Be there for you and them.
Ask your gastroenterologist about Humira.
With Humira control is possible.
The only thing we love more than Slinging.
Is showing folks how easy it is.
You got a good grip bro explore all the possibilities.
Oh Sling TV.
Your first time Slinging is always so special.
I cried my first time.
Nick is a very generous Slinger.
I like to share.
Narrator Stop paying too much for TV.
For a limited time get all your favorite live TV channels only 15 bucks for your first month at SlingTV.com.
Narrator What does it mean to be an American playing at Wimbledon?
It means following in the footsteps of some of the best to ever play here.
It means wearing white but dream red white and blue.
It means being part of a new generation of Americans looking to light their own Wimbledon history.
The story continues.
The Championships Wimbledon.
July 4th coverage begins at 6 a.m.on ESPN.
Narrator Keep up with your favorite team on the go with the NFL app.
Get all your updates scores and live games during the season.
Download the NFL app from your app store.
The ESPYS auction is where you can bid on a once in a lifetime experiences like joining me on the set of Sportscenter.
That should be like a million dollars.
Join me in Sunday Night Baseball in the booth.
You can join me and well make a puppet in your likeness.
Come hang out with me and my least favorite son Dan on South Beach.
Scott So bid now at Ebay.comESPN.
As Scott said the ESPYS auction includes amazing experiences across sports and entertainment including these incredible football experiences.
Go to Ebay.comESPN to bid now to July 10th.
All proceeds benefit the V Foundation for cancer research.
If you werent with us in the last segment we did have breaking news on Ezekiel Elliott the running back for the Dallas Cowboys.
The league has announced that he will not face a punishment for his role in a recent incident in Las Vegas involving a security guard.
The commissioner found he did not violate the personal conduct policy so no suspension for Elliott.
Much more on that throughout the day here on ESPN.
Big news yesterday in the other kind of football was the US Womens soccer team beating England in the semifinals of the World Cup.
Since that team cant seem to do anything without people finding a reason to criticize it.
Part of the story has become Alex Morgans teasipping celebration following what turned out to be the gamewinning goal.
The criticism seems to center on the idea that the celebration was directed at the opponent which was England.
But however you feel about it it got us thinking about situations in the NFL where people celebrate and kind of tailor their celebrations a little bit to the opponent.
Week four the year is 2000 49ers and Cowboys.
Terrell Owens celebrates a touchdown by posing on the Dallas star.
Was that aimed at the Cowboys I couldnt tell.
Damien I love it man I love it.
Dan 2018 Week 10 DolphinsPackers Packers Robert Quinn sacks Aaron Rodgers and mocks him with the old Discount Double Check celebration.
Damien If youre gonna dish it you gotta be able to take it.
Come home to roost.
Right.
Dan We got Baker Mayfield.
Oklahoma this is college footage of Baker Mayfield.
OklahomaOhio State OU defeats the Buckeyes and Baker plants the OU flag on the Ohio State logo at midfield again not real subtle.
2011 NFC Wild Card game I was there FalconsGiants.
Hakeem Nicks catches a long touchdown pass and celebrates by doing the Falcons signature Dirty Bird Dance.
I thought Hakeem was too young to even know that dance.
Did his research before the game I like that.
Week 10 2012 PanthersBroncos Von Miller sacks Cam Newton and does Newtons signature Superman celebration.
Von a little takeoff after that.
He practiced that.
Damien Thats right you go into these games you have them dialed up ready to go.
Mike Oh yeah got a little strut there.
Damien Thats right thats right.
How about TO again?
Week 8 2004 EaglesRavens Terrell Owens catches a touchdown pass then celebrates with Ray Lewiss signature pregame dance.
Mike Oh he got it oh thats good.
Damien I love TO man.
Dan Impersonated it before but thats as good as it gets.
Damien If you dont wanna see him do it then you better stop him I always say.
You know he practiced that.
Of course.
Listen that stuff while you front office guys are up in your office or whatever these guys are sitting in the locker room theyre thinking of all types of things to do on gameday so I love it man.
Dan Did you know thats what they were doing down there while you were in your office?
They were studying film?
Come on man dont be a lame.
Look were trying to have fun out here.
This is a sport were trying to have fun.
Look the NFL has allowed some celebrations recently but they still dont like the direct taunting of opponents.
Wheres the line?
sighs Listen for me its competition.
Its competition for me.
I know everyones gonna talk about sportsmanship.
Obviously Im a proponent of sportsmanship but Ive always been under the impression that if you dont want people to celebrate if you dont want people to talk trash stop them.
Stop them plain and simple.
Oh man.
And for me you know when they celebrate as a team its great and the last couple of years there have been some very creative celebrations.
Last year going back to the Steelers theyre bench pressing so to me when its the team Im all for it.
Spoken like a true general manager.
Up in his office while you guys are all practicing your celebrations in the locker room.
Coming up on NFL Live were gonna have much more on the Ezekiel Elliott situation.
Cowboys running back not suspended by the league after his recent meeting with Commissioner Roger Goodell.
Well come back and talk about it some more next on NFL Live.
Let me get this straight after a long day of hard work you have to do more work?
Everyday youre nearly fried to a crisp professionally.
Can someone turn on the AC?
No?
All right.
Because there isnt any.
Here.
Narrator Automatically sort your expenses and save over 40 hours a month.
Without you we wouldnt have electricity.
Our hobby would be going to be early.
Narrator You earned it were here to make sure you get it.
Its time to get yours.
Narrator QuickBooks backing you.
Narrator Tecate bold on the outside light on the inside.
Not running.
Why am I not running?
Because the DQ Summer Blizzard Menus only here for a few more weeks with seven great flavors like new Sour Patch Kids and Brownie Dough.
Not running!
Narrator DQ happy tastes good.
Narrator The ant mindlessly marches on carrying up to 50 times its body weight.
It never questions the task at hand.
But this year theres another more thrilling path to follow.
Kids?
Change of plans.
Narrator Defy the laws of human nature at the Summer of Audi Sales Event.
Get exceptional offers now.
If something happened to you what would happen to them?
Their home their education their future?
You need life insurance.
And chances are Select Quote can help you get it for less than a dollar a day.
Narrator Select Quote found Jacob 40 a 500000 policy for only 19 a month.
And Select Quote found his wife Wendy a 500000 policy for only 17 a month.
Our secret?
At Select Quote we aggressively comparison shop up to 10 highlyrated companies to find you the company with the best rates.
Narrator We found Gary 35 a one million dollar policy for only 22 a month.
Why pay more?
Give your family the security they need at a price you can afford.
Narrator Call 18003948946 or go to SelectQuote.com now and get the insurance your family needs.
At a price you can afford.
Select Quote we shop you save.
Whats good Josh this is Deshaun.
Man I know what youre going through.
You know sometimes you get a great hand.
And the other times you dont.
Living in your dads car always on the move?
You played the hand you had and it paid off.
Announcer Lowers the shoulder and scores.
Deshaun And the cards are about to be dealt again Josh.
The Oakland Raiders select Josh Jacobs.
Deshaun This is your time my dog.
Narrator Personal training just got a lot more personal.
Good morning from Bora Bora.
Narrator Introducing the allnew X Series from NordicTrack.
You ready to get started on todays workout lets go.
Narrator All you have to do is press start.
So glad you could join me this morning.
Lets go!
Narrator Your trainer controls the speed.
Well take it up to 60 percent.
Narrator Incline decline and duration of your workout.
This is what results in your home on your terms looks like.
You can take advantage of our special 36 month financing for qualified buyers.
Only at NordicTrack.com Recapping our breaking news today on NFL Live.
Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott will not face punishment for his role in a recent incident with a security guard in Las Vegas.
Elliott met with Commissioner Roger Goodell for a couple of hours Tuesday of this week and was informed he would not be suspended.
The NFL released a statement explaining it basically says that they found he did not violate the personal conduct policy but they hope that he continues to stay out of these situations in the future Damien what are your thoughts?
Well I mean my biggest thing is does Zeke grow from here?
This is the second time going to New York.
First time was I believe it was a sixgame suspension.
This time obviously he got off with no suspension but you would think that at this point now its time for you to grow and mature and not put yourself in compromising situations because again as a veteran Im depending on you.
Guys in the locker room need all hands on deck so I just want to see more growth and maturity out of Zeke Elliott.
I totally agree and you take that a step further with the contract situation.
If hes behaving like this without that big deal that Todd Gurley deal with 45 million guarantee.
You know from an organization standpoint what is he gonna be like once he has that money?
So not only do I have pause for concern to doing a deal but if and when we get to that point now I really gonna make sure that the structure is appropriate where well guarantee money certainly if he gets hurt playing football but beyond that were gonna want to have the ability to move on from the player if theres a third bump in the road in terms of something happening off the field so hes put himself in that position.
And again hes had some teammates that have played very well like the starting quarterback Dak Prescott and have handled their business off the field.
So hes done this to himself so not only would I consider pausing and not doing a longterm deal if and when we got to that point.
The structure of the contract would be I want the player to take the risk because as an organization if something else happens I want to be able to cut the player and not have to pay him any more money.
Thats a key point if something else happens.
He was warned the last time when he was suspended in 2017.
And he seems to as Damien said earlier maybe he got lucky this time because they certainly could have suspended him again under the personal conduct policy given that warning.
But this is a transcendent player who has led the league in rushing two of his three years.
Led the league in rushing yards per game the year he was suspended.
To get to the point where you release him that has to be a pretty extreme situation doesnt it?
Well listen we all know how the league works.
The more talented you are as a player the more opportunities youre gonna get.
And you said it perfectly hes a transcendent talent.
One of the best players that we have in our league.
But again if youre not available what good are you to the team?
So again you would like to see Zeke Elliott mature and get past these incidences that weve seen from him.
The three years plus or whatever hes been in the National Football League so he can help his team get to where they wanna go which is to the Super Bowl.
Thats right the old saying in pro football production equals tolerance.
And because hes produced such a high level theres been a high level of tolerance.
But at some point thats gonna equal out and hopefully he can learn from this grow and put all this behind him and help the Cowboys try to win a Super Bowl.
Ezekiel Elliott represents the big NFL news of the day.
On ESPN though we dont limit ourselves to NFL.
Our next Canadian Football League matchup on ESPN Plus is tomorrow night its a week four matchup between the 30 Hamilton TigerCats and the Montreal Alouettes.
Looking for their first win of the season.
Thatll be at 730 Eastern.
Everybodys gonna say that we could be and should be Super Bowl contenders.
Who wouldnt aspire to be the Patriots?
Who wouldnt want to be 115 124 team?
I want to get there so we can print that.
I want to get to be what the Patriots are.
Damien The Cleveland Browns are going from the hunter to the hunted now.
Announcer Oh what a catch by Njoku touchdown.
I said I woke up feeling dangerous son.
Im almost giddy.
I feel like a little kid the excitement that I have.
Mike They have no excuse for not being a contender in the AFC to go to the Super Bowl.
They have no excuse.
Cleveland Browns tight end David Njoku joins us now.
Getting ready for a highlyanticipated season in Cleveland.
David weve seen some of what you guys can do certainly individually but what we havent seen is Freddie Kitchens as a head coach.
So tell us whats Freddie like now that hes the head coach?
Freddies a great head coach I believe you know.
Hes a players coach if that makes any sense.
You know he knows what it takes for us to do what we have to do and we know as well.
We put everything together and hopefully good things will happen you know so well see.
Bringing some stability to that situation this year and obviously last year there wasnt.
What was it like going through that last year with all the turmoil and the firings and all that stuff that happened midseason with the coaching staff changes how tough was that?
Yes you know it was a bunch of turmoil you know.
Obviously having your head coach fired and your OC also fired.
It brought a lot of questions and the curiosity.
But I feel like as a team and the players we took it upon ourselves to come together and focus on how we have to finish this year or this past year strong.
And I believe we did just that you know.
I believe this upcoming year is gonna be real special so.
A lot of times players say that stuff the front office stuff coaching stuff doesnt have an effect in the locker room but were there hard feelings?
It seemed like when you guys ran into Cincinnati Baker Mayfield your quarterback had some things to say about the situation.
Was that a widespread feeling?
Theres no hard feelings at the end of the day.
Everyone must understand that this is a business and you have to treat it as such.
So there is no hard feelings you know.
Whatever happened happened it is what it is.
And now were focused on what we have to do to reach our goal this year.
Obviously you guys did not lack for talent on the offensive side of the ball to begin with but Odell Beckham established as really one of the top receiving options in the entire league.
What have you seen from him in terms of what hes shown you on the field and what kind of teammate he is?
Yeah so Odell is an elite athlete.
We were actually all together yesterday.
Jarvis Hollywood Higgins me Baker and a bunch of other guys Seth DeValve Demetrius Harris Pharaoh Brown together working on timing and everything.
So when it comes to us as a unit were very dangerous is the word to say.
Yeah how about personal goals for you?
Obviously you know youre a young player whos still growing in this league.
What do you look at and say heres what I want to accomplish this year and going forward?
As long as I feel that I gave it my all I work to my highest ability then Im content with this year.
I dont really have any numbers.
I was messing around saying 20 touchdowns but honestly speaking I just want to have a great year.
We want to win as many games as possible and we want to obviously go to the Super Bowl and win it.
So thats the big term goal.
When youre looking to improve your game is there something youre specifically working on this offseason that youre trying to get better at?
Oh yeah of course I mean honestly speaking Im working on all aspects.
I dont believe Ive mastered anything regarding the tight end position just yet so its really just everything I want to work on to better myself as an overall tight end and player.
I wanted to ask you a personal question if thats all right.
You have eight siblings is that correct?
Youre one of nine brothers and sisters?
Correct.
Your older brother Innocent studying to be a neurologist.
What kinds of conversationsNeurosurgeon.
Oh neurosurgeon excuse me.
Even more impressive.
What kind of conversations do you guys have about football and the sort of dangers of your chosen profession?
Well obviously he understand as well as I do that football is a dangerous sport.
I have two younger brothers Evidence Njoku he plays at Miami right now University of Miami.
And my youngest one Charles Njoku he just arrived at UCLA to start his summer program as a receiver.
They both play receivers.
So we all understand that football is obviously a dangerous sport but at the same time it is our passion.
And we work extremely hard to be the best we can be.
So my oldest brother Innocent he understands that.
He loves our passion for it but obviously hes the one saying be careful make sure youre safe and everything so yeah thats pretty much it.
I guess it can be handy to have somebody like that in the family.
Yeah I always tell him that once the three of us are done playing football he has to take care of us in all shapes and forms so yeah its all love at the end of the day.
Well hopefully he doesnt have much to do in that regard.
David thanks so much for joining us and best of luck.
My pleasure thank you very much.
So if youre Baker Mayfield the Browns quarterback you have Njoku you have Odell Beckham Jr. you have Jarvis Landry at receiver along with Nick Chubb and Kareem Hunt in the backfield when Hunts suspension is over.
Those five combined for 41 touchdowns last year and they also had 641 touches.
So I guess the big question a good problem to have is there enough to go around in that Cleveland Browns offense?
A lot of pieces.
You know theres a great collection of talent but are they a team?
And thats whats gonna fall on Freddie Kitchens because the Cleveland Browns are in a position they havent been in in a long time where they are the hunted.
And its a totally different position to be in going forward in the season.
Theyre gonna be on primetime a lot this year.
Dan They are.
Damien Lets see what they can do with it.
Mike The one thing we didnt see on that graphic was the lack of experience with their head coach Freddie Kitchens and I believe one day Freddie Kitchens will be a head coach.
But one year ago guys he was a position coach.
Its like learning how to drive a car going 90 miles an hour in the lefthand lane.
And in the division you have John Harbaugh and Mike Tomlin.
Since 2007 Mike Tomlin has the second most wins in the NFL John Harbaugh has the sixth most wins.
So from a coaching standpoint Cleveland is a distant third behind those two rivals.
And how Freddie Kitchens can meld that group will be interesting to watch.
Interesting to watch what we have coming still on NFL Live today.
Were going to have more on the Ezekiel Elliott situation.
Cowboys running back not suspended by the NFL for his recent incident.
And because tomorrow is Independence Day were going to talk about the great independent NFL plays of alltime.
Stick around to see what thats all about.
Whats up Marquise this is Juice.
Listen its not about hype its about heart.
It breaks through walls and outruns demons.
Announcer Showtime.
It outworks everybody.
When they see that they aint gonna know what to do.
Announcer Lights camera action.
The Baltimore Ravens select Marquise Brown.
Bless em my boy.
Dad how do you get a job?
Well first you search for one and thats terrible.
Send off your resume and wait and then if youre lucky you work a job you hate until you die.
Goodnight buddy.
Narrator New for summer its Bud Light Lemon Tea brewed with real lemon peels and aged on real tea leaves.
Yes its real no youre not dreaming.
Hey dont do that.
Narrator In every trip theres room for more than just the business you came for.
Whether thats keeping up with what you always do or training for something youve never done before.
Thats room for possibility.
Look make a wish.
I wish I had a Biggie Bag from Wendys.
I wish everyone loves each other and was alThat was a great wish Jimmy.
Narrator Get a Bacon Double Stack with a quarter pound of fresh beef nuggets fries and a drink for just five bucks.
Wendys Biggie Bag is everything you could wish for.
Music Summer nights keeping me up Music Music I wanna waste time just looking up Music Music Sky full of stars mind wandering far Music Music Like were 16 dreaming in the dark Music Music Love the wind in my hair Music Music As I drive my car Music Music Makes me feel free Music Narrator Now get exceptional offers at the Infiniti Plus Summer Sales Event.
They made the original hot?
echos Music Used to shake up my Hot Flamin and mix them with Doritos Music Music Talking about far back we go way way way back Music Music I dont care about that Music Music I aint sharing my snacks Music The original now its hot.
So I can buy from Enterprise Car Sales and youll take any tradein?
Thats right.
Great.
There you go.
Well it does need to be a vehicle.
But I need this out of my house.
Narrator With a fair transparent value for every tradein Enterprise makes it easy.
Narrator Planning for retirement?
Quick whats your most valuable asset?
No not these its time.
Because time gives you more opportunity for growth.
So dont waste another minute go to PersonalCapital.com now for a retirement planner that takes the guesswork out of retirement.
A dashboard that shows you all your accounts in one place.
Even your net worth all in real time.
Youll get all these free retirement and investing tools.
Plus wealth management options.
Join at PersonalCapital.com Narrator Giancarlo bashed out a record 61 dingers.
Announcer Giancarlo Stanton what a show tonight.
Narrator The Judges moonshots made us all rise.
Announcer You dont see this everyday this is special.
Narrator And Bryce took the crown with some help from his dad.
Announcer Bryce Harper has won the 2018 Home Run Derby.
Narrator Who will own the Derby?
The 2019 TMobile Home Run Derby Monday at eight on ESPN.
UFC 239 is Saturday in Las Vegas with two of the greatest UFC champions defending their titles.
Jon Bones Jones battles Tiago Santos and Amanda Nunes takes on Holly Holm in the comain events on Payperview starting at 10 Eastern seven Pacific.
You want to order the main card go to ESPNPlus.comPPV and be sure to download the ESPN app if youre watching on your mobile device.
Tonight at six we got Sportscenter after the Get Up NBA Free Agency Special with Kevin Negandhi and Elle Duncan.
They will have the latest on Kawhi Leonards decision plus aforementioned UFC Light Heavyweight champion Jon Bones Jones answers questions ahead of UFC 239 on Saturday.
And American Coco Gauff highlights from her secondround match at Wimbledon.
Thats Sportscenter six Eastern on ESPN and the ESPN app.
Once again recapping our breaking news here on NFL Live.
Ezekiel Elliott the Cowboys running back will not be punished.
The league found that he did not violate the personal conduct policy in an incident involving a security guard in Las Vegas recently.
The NFL interviewed Ezekiel Elliott on Tuesday.
They also spoke with his girlfriend who was there at the time of the incident.
And have determined that he will not face punishment.
Guys weve had a lot of conversation about this but one real quick sort of wrap up on the upshot of Ezekiel Elliott today.
You flirted with fire again you know youve been fortunate.
Now its just focus on the upcoming season.
And for the Dallas Cowboys this is a really important day lets get it wrapped up.
We put it behind us its before July 4th now we can get to training camp.
Its one less distraction to worry about.
And now they can focus on the Philadelphia Eagles and trying to win the NFC East this year.
Mike thanks for the help with the segue.
Tomorrow is in fact July 4th and its called Independence Day.
So before you fire up your grills or dig your feet too far into that sand we wanted to take you through some of our favorite independent plays in NFL history.
These are plays where one guy did it all on his own or independently.
How about Pat McAfee and the Colts 2014 against the Texans.
The kickoff theres no coverage at midfield so he recovers it himself.
Damien Thats a smart play right there by Pat McAfee.
Dan 2009 BillsTitans in the Hall of Fame Game Titans Punter AJ Trapasso takes the snap but its a fake punt and Trapassos just gonna take it all the way.
Got some wheels.
Mike There is no tackling in preseason.
Damien No.
Dan How much fun did he have there?
Number eight 1997 VikingsPanthers.
Vikings quarterback Brad Johnson throws the pass but its batted back to him and sure Ill take it.
Hes gonna run it right in for a touchdown on his own.
Denny Green liked it.
Mike Brad Johnson very underrated career at quarterback.
Absolutely.
No question.
Number seven Marcus Mariota this is the 2017 Wild Card Game TitansChiefs I was there for that one too.
Mariota scrambles throws but gets knocked right back to him by Darrell Revis and hell go ahead and score it himself.
Big comeback that day for Tennessee.
Number six 2017 49ers against the Bears the punt and Tarik Cohen corrals it takes it from the 40 and hes not just gonna let himself get tackled here right?
Damien I mean hes outrunning the coverage.
Dan He had a plan and he stuck to it and look at this its gonna pay off for him.
Mike Ill tell you him and Jakeem Grant are two of the most dynamic players in the open field.
Theyre fast theyre quick and theyre hard to tackle.
Dan Speaking of fast.
How about Mike Vick 2002 FalconsVikings tied at 24 in overtime.
Vick play action gets outside and no ones gonna catch him come on are you kidding me?
Damien This is like a walkoff home run right here.
This was it this was the signature play.
Dan The overtime game.
This is my personal favorite guy.
Number four 1991 CowboysLions.
The one and only Barry Sanders rushing up the side and somehow gets out of this mess.
Oh theyre just not gonna catch him.
Mike Boy youre talking about stopping on a dime.
Dan Thats ridiculous.
Damien I take it those pictures are not in HD.
Dan No definitely not.
Barry deserved it but it was too soon.
Deion Sanders 1989 Falcons versus Rams.
He drops the punt but he recovers and hes gonna take it back.
This is his first punt return touchdown.
I do not know if he also played baseball for the Atlanta Braves that night but I know he did at some point.
So very versatile independent kind of player.
Deion Sanders hes going all the way.
Damien Oh hes gonna highstep it into the endzone.
Speed kills.
On the independent plays.
Number two is a Super Bowl play.
Super Bowl XLIII you remember if you were a Steelers fan.
James Harrison against the Cardinals.
Its first and goal for the Cards.
Kurt Warner is intercepted by James Harrison.
Yes hes gonna hes gonna run it all the way back.
Mike When he catches the ball youre like theres no way he can score on this theres no way.
Theres too many guys that should be able to track him down.
Dan Those Instagram workouts.
Damien How do you let him tightrope the sideline like that?
Man thats awful.
Just push him out.
Dan Big guy though kind of hard to push him out.
Plus youve got like offensive linemen trying to run him down.
Oh.
Oh!
Damien Dan what was all that about?
Dan 2011 NFC Wild Card Game SaintsSeahawks.
Good offensive line work here but Marshawn Lynch did a lot of this on his own.
Runs up the middle breaks tackles left and right stiff arm.
Beastquake Beast Mode.
That was what a 79 Seahawks team beating a defending Super Bowl Champion Saints team.
Yep.
His balance for his size was remarkable he has incredible feet.
Crazy so those are the independent plays.
 f4e5ea8c5d46c97e7cecfa755007bf465e672706