
No this is just who has the most remember they wanted to do a smaller deal.
But they probably we heard Adrian talk about it theres no interest.
When theres no interest guess what kind of deals are available to you?
The minimum exception so we might as well put all 30 teams there.
Right no thats very interesting.
Well were gonna have to see.
We might know more by tonight right?
Could know about Kawhi by tonight could know about Boogie by tonight.
Come hang out with us 700 Eastern on ESPN.
Until then watch your phones cause its free agency.
Lots going on.
Come on U.S.team lets do it.
Coming up on this Tuesday edition of NFL Live Juju SmithSchuster joins us.
Hell talk about taking over the Steelers top receiver and what his relationship with Antonio Brown looks like now.
We highlights some of the NFL stars that are nominated for ESPYS including a look back at Drew Brees recordbreaking Monday night football performance.
Plus we hand out our own award for the player with the best highlights Patrick Mahomes Sequon or Kyler in the running who will be crowned your highlight king?
Happy to have you with us on this Tuesday afternoon holiday week.
Wendy Nix Dianna Russini Victor Cruz and Mike Tannenbaum.
We will start with news regarding Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliot.
Zeke is once again headed to the commissioners office.
The Dallas Cowboys running back expected to meet with the commissioner Roger Goodell today in New York City regarding a May incident in Las Vegas.
The meeting comes after an incident at a Las Vegas music festival in May in which Elliot had a confrontation of sorts with a security guard.
He was briefly detained but never arrested or charged in the incident.
Nevertheless the Commissioner wants to here him out hear what happened Diana what more can you tell us?
At this point right now we dont know what exactly is going on in that meeting but they are meeting in Manhattan to discuss Zekes behavior in that Las Vegas incident.
Jerry Jones of course has stood by his running back saying that he doesnt see anything wrong with what he saw on video tape.
Again Zeke was in those handcuffs and then those handcuffs were removed.
He was not charged he could still face punishment if Goodell decides that he violated the leagues personal conduct policy and thats what this meeting is to discuss but as of now we are not sure what the future holds but those that Ive spoken to with the Cowboys organization strongly feel confident that Zeke will not face a suspension in this because of this incident.
Mike as a DM I know you had players who had facetoface meetings with the commissioner who had hearings or due diligence if you will.
Whats your take on the process?
Yeah despite how the Cowboys are feeling a suspension certainly is in play.
We have to remember under the personal conduct policy a player can be suspended even though there may not be criminal charges and the fact that Ezekiel Elliot is meeting in person with the Commissioner signals to me that a suspension albeit one game two games could be in play here and he was sent to New York for a reason.
So well see how it plays out in the coming days but his prior behavior will certainly be a factor in their assessment.
Well lets shift gears to between the lines.
Victor how important is the running game to this current Dallas Cowboys team?
Its huge especially Ezekiel Elliot right?
Hes been the focal point of that offense especially from the running back perspective year in and year out.
Things he can do with the ball in his hands whether out in space or just handing him the football behind that fantastic offensive line.
I mean he is in my opinion the heartbeat of that offense.
Obviously Dak is the leader but Ezekiels the one that makes them go.
As he does well then you got the playaction pass and everything compliments the attributes of Ezekiel Elliot so obviously if hes there to miss any significant amount of time you know the Cowboys would be looking to replace that those statistics and those numbers that he puts up week in and week out in a different way.
Yeah and Vic you just hit the nail on the head.
When you look Dak Prescott his pass rating goes from 97 to 122 playaction compared to traditional dropback.
So you can see the importance of the running game.
Ezekiel Elliot obviously opposing defenses are focusing in on stopping Ezekiel Elliot and thats a very impactful in terms of his impact on Prescotts production to go from 97 to 122.
Thats a huge jump in terms of his playaction productivity.
Huge jump and well talk about Daks deal and when it may get done but Id be interested to see how all of you feel like this Dallas Cowboys team stacks up in the division.
I think theyre right there at the top.
I think theyre competing obviously them and Philadelphia are right there neck and neck and gonna be battling it out throughout the season but I think that they got all the tools.
When you look at them defensively from the defensive line all the way back to the secondary theyre loaded at each position.
And then offensively like we just talked about Dak Prescott Ezekiel Elliot Martin Cooper Randall Cobb Jason I could go on for days with this but they have all of the talent.
Mike Receivers.
Victor Exactly.
We got all of the talent and not to mention Wendy They have a new offense coordinator Victor In Clamor obviously.
Which obviously comes from college and doing those different things.
So hell provide some creativity that we probably havent seen and some different type of plays that we havent seen necessarily from the Dallas Cowboys.
Youre not going with the Eagles youre going with the Dallas Cowboys to win that division?
Yes unfortunately nobody in New York kill me please but Im going with the Cowboys Right that was Victor.
When does Daks deal get done?
Do we see that done before the start of the season?
I think that deal will get before the start of the season.
In fact even just talking to people in the Cowboys organization about the timing of it.
Its funny cause just a few months ago the way it was being explained to me it was gonna be a while.
It wasnt gonna get done.
And now it seems that Im not sure where the pressure is coming from.
I dont know why why theyre feeling the pressure.
But in terms of trying to get that done it seems that thats gonna be a priority for Dallas.
You know the pressure really comes from what Dak Prescotts draft day disappoint was is now becoming the reality of a free agent opportunity because he was not a first round pick.
Which was a disappointment.
But hes now in the final year of his rookie contract.
So unlike guys like Jared Goff and Carson Wentz who had the additional fifth year he could get to the market.
And he may not be a perfect player Im a believer in Dak Prescott.
Not cause only what you do from a passing standpoint but the plays he makes with his legs.
If he made it to the open market the way Kirk Hudson did a couple years ago.
Hard to say what he could get and I know people could say well he could certainly get franchised.
But I could tell you from an organization standpoint when you use the franchise tag the last position you wanna use it on is the quarterback.
Because when you have a franchise tag that means that the player doesnt have to be there for the off season program doesnt have to be there for training camp.
He could come in the Tuesday before opening day sign the tag get paid for the whole season and it really puts the whole offense and all those reps that you dont have together Vic.
So its really a situation where the sense of urgency Diana in my mind its coming from the fact that this player is 16 games away from becoming a free agent.
And then that quarterback also feels that pressure.
I mean and they dont ever really feel like they belong.
Do you remember with the Kirk Cousins situation in Washington?
He was always out there proving and proving and proving.
And I remember talking to him about it and you could tell Victor It weighs on him it was wearing on him because he was like the Washington Redskins organization they were just looking to date and date and date.
And he was looking for a ring.
He wanted to get married and he wanted to feel that love and he never did.
For the Cowboys to put that on Dak that may not work out for them you know if they wanna make that work.
You know what hes married to?
Money a lot of money.
I am not crying for Kirk Cousins but it is a point well made.
Alright anyway.
Circling back to where we started and that is the Gillette.
The Cowboys certainly hoping that he will not miss any time.
A video shows Browns running back.
Kareem Hunt being questioned by police after an apparent incident Saturday night.
This was at a Cleveland bar.
The video published by TMZ Sports.
It shows Hunt speaking with a number of officers.
He was not arrested they did not make a police report regarding the incident.
This is according to a spokesperson to Cleveland.com.
Still to come on NFL Live Steeler star widereceiver SmithSchuster he of Juju joins us from across the pond in London.
Find out what hes been up to during the off season.
And the story of high school football coach born with one of the rarest conditions in the world.
Theres definitely doubters out there like parents look at him my son is getting coached at quarterback from a guy that has no arms and no legs.
That lights a fire under my butt and probably gets me excited to really just try to prove people wrong about it.
Commentator And another golden moment from Wimbledon.
Thats the only circumstance to which you would separate.
Cant imagine doing it out the line.
Caitlin This is Caitlin Dickerson from the New York Times this isnt the only case.
Very little documentation.
I know thats not true.
And the shelters really dont know what to do with them.
I just got another person from DHS to confirm this.
I have this number were gonna publish this story.
Music Take your time Music Music Build a home Music Music Build a place where we all can belong Music Narrator Give extra get extra.
With new Extra Refreshers gum.
Look make a wish.
I wish for a biggie bag from Wendys.
I wish everyone loved each other and wasThat is a great wish Jimmy.
Narrator Get a bacon double stacked with a quarter pound of fresh beef nuggets fries and a drink for just five bucks.
Wendys Biggie Bag is everything you could wish for.
Narrator The end mindlessly marches on.
Carrying up to 50 times its body weight.
It never questions the task at hand.
But this year theres a more thrilling path to follow.
Kids!
car tires racing Change of plans.
Narrator Defy the laws of human nature at the Summer of Audi Sales Event.
Get exceptional offers now.
I cant believe it.
That I won the best of sweepstakes and I get to be in this Guy Cook commercial?
Lets do the eyebrows first just tease it a little.
Slather it all over dont hold back.
Well the squirrels followed me all the way out to California and theres a very strange badger staring at me.
No I cant believe how easy it was to save hundreds of dollars on my car insurance with GEICO.
Where is the camel?
Mr.Big Shots got his own trailer.
Music Roll out rush in drop back defend Music Believe it GEICO could save you 15 or more on your car insurance.
So I can buy from Enterprise Car Sales and youll take any trade in?
Thats right.
Great!
There you go.
Well it does need to be a vehicle.
But I need this out of my house.
With a fair transparent value for every tradein Enterprise makes it easy.
Narrator Discover a new wave of refreshment crafted using our unique brew pure process.
White Claw Hard Seltzer.
Nothing tastes quite like it.
We were all shocked that the Odell contestants first pick of the fantasy draft would be a rookie.
Who shaped your strategy?
At this timeIll take this one Lindsey Its mine.
The problem with MahomesIm sorry my lawyer says I cant speak at this moment so.
Honey Punchers and Mullets is there any connection between your attire and you record last season?
Oh no.
Narrator Do you take your fantasy draft as seriously as we do?
Prove it for the chance to have commissioner del host your leagues draft live at NFL headquarters.
Announcer NFL Live is brought to you by Nutro Wholesome Essentials pet foods.
Nutro feed the clean.
And GEICO 15 minutes could save you 15 or more on car insurance.
Wendy Press coverage now from our own Dan Graziano.
Sources according to Dan CBA talks collective bargaining agreement talks between the NFL and players association are expected to intensify this summer in an effort to get a new deal done by the start of the 2019 season.
Three to four negotiating sessions possible in the month of July alone.
Former Packers wide receiver Randall Cobb signed by the Cowboys and free agency teamed up with Aaron Rodgers for over 5000 receiving yards.
After being drafted by the pack in 2011 he will face his former team in week five in Dallas.
And he had to say this about moving on from Green Bay Its like the exgirlfriend that broke up with you.
When you see her five years later you hope youre in a better situation than you were before married with kids and youre able to say yeah I did better without you.
You know what hes right.
Nobody says that but thats how everybody feels.
But I dont think a breakup has to be contentious.
It doesnt matter you know I dont care if its the best breakup ever you dont wanna be like oh life wasnt so great youre winning Im not.
No you wanna win sorry.
It just is what it is.
Okay anyway that got us thinking five years from now whos better off.
Okay weve seen a number of NFL breakups if you will.
So again five year mark Randall Cobb or the Green Bay Packers whos better off?
Im going with Randall Cobb I think hes joining a team in the Cowboys thats a younger team.
I think theyre an overall better team right now than the Green Bay Packers.
But I think in five years hell be in the playoffs a couple times hes obviously in the mix of that wide receiving core hes gonna be a focal point in that slot position.
Thats an important position nowadays in the NFL and I think overall hell just be better.
Dak Prescotts got a younger quarterback I think thatll serve him better obviously giving that longevity and be there for a couple years.
He can build that comradery and that continuity with Dak which will serve him better five years from now.
Hes not gonna miss Aaron Rodgers at all.
Theyre a better overall team.
crosstalk drowns out speaker All right listen there were no in my opinion no more notable breakup than that one between Odell Beckham Jr and the New York Giants.
This ones easy if you talk about it now but were talking about five years from now.
Diana whos better off?
Im gonna go with Odell Beckham Jr is gonna be in a much better position.
Well first of all he got paid he got tons of money and he has opportunity to make more money.
Price of living in Cleveland is lower taxes are lower.
So from a personal financial standpoint Odell Beckham Jr is winning big time.
But when it comes to football there is no quarterback that I believe has more potential to be one of the greatest than I believe in what Baker Mayfield could do in terms of the continuity and the team that theyre building in Cleveland compared to what theyre doing in New York.
Were not sure whats gonna happen to Pat Shurmur if hes gonna be there you have to feel like he could be on the hot seat this year if it doesnt work.
It seems that Cleveland is a much better off space for Odell Beckham Jr.
So I think hes gonna look back and go you know what that was good.
That was good.
Whats interesting is the Giants had a couple of breakups also Landon Collins whos better off in five years.
Im gonna go the other way here Diana Im gonna go with the New York Giants Dave Gettleman and that front office.
When we look at what theyve already done to replace Landon Collins they acquired Antoine Bethea in free agency and Jabrill Peppers that was part of the trade that sent Odell Beckham Jr to Cleveland.
And although Collins is a good player I thought he was more productive closer to the line of scrummage.
When you look at the way Peppers plays he could replace him hes younger more athletic and less expensive.
So Wendy its not five years.
We know right now were better off without Landin.
Wow alright fair enough noted.
You know I said there was no bigger breakup but as soon as I said that I thought about AB and the Steelers.
Im gonna retract that.
But anyway Antonio Brown and the Steelers.
This one I think is tricky cause again youre talking about five seasons out whos better off.
Im going with the Steelers here.
I really feel like the Steelers organization as a whole theyre gonna be turned the page fully from the Antonio Brown drama theyre gonna be lookin at Juju.
Hes gonna be tenured hes gonna be a true veteran leader on that team.
Understand who he is.
Big Ben who knows how many years he has left?
But with that body frame and if he takes care of himself he can still be there five years from now playing at a high level.
But these guys are ready to play.
I think as a team as a perspective once they get rid of the drama and get rid of the negativity thats around that was surrounding the team with LeVeon Bell and all of these things.
I think five years from now this team will be better and Roethlisberger will be relaxed and the team will be good to go.
Alright perfect segue how about LeVeon Bell and the Pittsburgh Steelers?
Well I think we saw a little bit of a sneak preview the last year right?
You know Bell was a Steeler Not really.
But he really wasnt so were gonna go with the Pittsburgh Steelers and obviously were talking about James Conner who filled in last year for LeVeon Bell.
We have another year with him now in the off season program and I think really where were gonna miss Bell guys isnt as a rusher but as a receiver.
But James Conner is a really good running back hes productive between the tackles hes a good pass protector.
And again another year of growing into the job I think Pittsburgh year in and year out does a great job of letting guys move on.
I think the replacing Bell I agree with Victor and I think theyre gonna replace AB and I think theyre gonna replace Bell very well with James Conner.
Alright I do think that team has sort of rallied around these departures.
Thats now well see where they are in a few seasons.
This last one I dont even think you can count it as a breakup.
Im not sure they even really dated.
I dont know they went out.
It was a hookup.
It was a hookup Josh Rosen and the Cardinals.
I think Josh Rosen is gonna be better off.
Look this kid had the weight of the world on his shoulders.
He was a top draft pick he was supposed to be the savior the answer to the Arizona Cardinals organization.
Of course that didnt work out so here he is in Miami now.
The pressure is really off.
Hes got a new head coach here theyre gonna be running a new England system.
By the way if you run the new England offensive system youve gotta be a smart guy.
Thats what Josh Rosen is.
Hes a smart guy and I think hes gonna fit in well there and its gonna be a place.
And by the way he also had Fitzpatrick behind him who doesnt really seems to have the attitude of a starter that doesnt want to help.
So you have two smart guys in a quarterback room it seems like thats a much better place for Josh Rosen to flourish.
But Diana what about Kyler Murray you dont think Arizona with Kyler Murray has a chance to be a dynamic play maker five years from now?
Thats really what this question is right.
Is an assessment of Kyler Murray in a lot of ways.
No it definitely is.
Again the big question mark of course is is it gonna work with Kliff Kingsbury.
But to me my biggest issue with Arizona is last year and this year is their offensive line.
So as much as we can say Kyler Murray canIve got five years to fix it laughter Tryna get rid of me?
We got five years Im justBreaking up is hard to do.
You gave us five years right?
I gave you five years I did Thats a lot of drafts.
Fair enough.
Alright when we come back Juju SmithSchuster isnt thinking five years hes thinking right now.
And well talk roll models and Steelers culture coming up.
Hi Im Juju SmithSchuster and Im gonna tell you how much fun Im having this offseason.
Remember that degree you got in taxation?
Of course you dont because you didnt.
Your job isnt understanding tax code its understanding why that will get him a body like that.
Move.
That.
Your job isnt doing hard work.
Here its making her do hard work and getting paid for it.
Narrator Snap and sort your expenses to save over 4600 of tax time.
Jody its time to get yours.
Narrator QuickBooks backing you.
Chance Voiceover Flaming hot nacho they made the original hot hot.
Music Hello Music Music Shake up my hot flamers and mix em with Doritos Music Music Why all these people in my face Music Music Wanna be my ace wanna be my amigo Music Music Hello Music Music Talkin bout how far back we go Music Music Way way way back Music Music I dont care about that Music Music I aint sharing my snacks Music I made this for you.
Wonderful.
Now its hot Not running.
Why am I not running?
Because the new DQ sour Blizzard menu is only here for a few more weeks with seven great flavors like new sour patch kids and Brownie dough.
Not running.
Narrator DQ happy tastes good.
Narrator Tegate bold on the outside light on the inside.
Narrator How do you gage the greatness of an SUV.
Is it to carry cargo?
Or to carry on a legacy?
Is it its design of strength or its sign of intelligence?
In crossing harsh terrane or breaking new ground?
This is the time to get an exceptional offer on the Mercedes of your midsummer dreams at the MercedesBenz Summer Event.
Going on now.
Lease the GLA 250 SUV for just 329 a month at the MercedesBenz Summer Event.
MercedesBenz the best or nothing.
Narrator Exclusively on ESPN plus UFC 239.
Shes the first woman in UFC history to hold two title belts now coming off a stunning victory.
Rising star Amanda Nunes is said to defend her Bantamweight title.
Find on ESPNplus.comPPV.
Narrator Men wanna feel younger stronger leaner?
You dont have to slow down after 40.
Frank Thomas found the secret of staying in shape with the energy and drive of his 20s.
Man you look like you could still hit it a mile.
I feel great too.
What gives?
After 40 men slow down its harder to stay in shape.
Why?
Our free testosterone levels drop.
It happened to me and then I found Nugenix TotalT.Narrator New Nugenix TotalT is our most powerful manboosting formula ever because it boosts your free testosterone and your total testosterone.
Nugenix TotalT helps provide even more energy performance testosterone and muscle boosting ingredient for even better results.
To get you complimentary bottle of Nugenix TotalT text tie to 321321.
Samples are not available in stores.
Why wait when you could do something about it now.
I gotta try Nugenix TotalT.Narrator Text TIE to 321321 now for your complimentary bottle of Nugenix TotalT.Thats TIE to 321321.
Narrator Throw along pal.
Is this really the emaculate reception football lives or is running out of bounds ever and option?
No no no.
Whenever I say were gonna win the game I guarantee you I meant it.
The 1920s started the NFL.
Quit looking at my chest hair look at the play.
Keep them white legs up.
Commentator That is Juju SmithSchuster SmithSchuster past midfield.
Commentator Leap and grab by the man called Juju.
Commentator Juju at the back of the end zone wow!
Were joined this afternoon by Juju SmithSchuster whos making his way all the way across the atlantic.
He is in London this afternoon for the NFL Academy where hes an ambassador.
Juju tell us exactly what that is and what it means there in London.
So here in London were working with the NFL Academy.
Which is an amazing thing because the opportunities to players.
Young players from the age 15 and up.
You know who learnt the new game American football.
This is new to them.
Which is awesome.
But its awesome because it just gives them the opportunity that they have another career another goal that they can set to play in the states and to play NFL.
Juju we talked to James Conner yesterday he talked about turning the page about the changes that had gone on in Pittsburgh during the off season.
Whats the temperature of this team as you get ready for training camp?
Were out in the 70 were not too cold or were not too hot so the weather is really nice right now.
In our locker room everyone is on the same page you know.
Focusing on the same goal.
Which is amazing because thats what were all about.
Is were all about the team theres no individuals and were here to win games and win championships.
Juju talk to me about some of the talent youre seeing out there in London behind.
Are there an Ballers out there any future Steelers out there or what?
Oh man theres some talent out here some potential.
I mean you gotta understand this game is new to them.
You know we started lifting weights at 14 these guys are barely starting at 16 17.
So if we were to get them on the right page on to the academy that would be amazing to start a team.
Eventually start their middle school high school and that would be their academy.
Alright Juju its been well documented that Antonio Brown is no longer with the Steelers now youre the number one guy.
How does it feel?
Do you feel a difference in the locker room?
Are people treating you differently?
Are dudes getting your lunch trays for you like is it a different feeling being the number one guy?
How does it feel?
Nah man theres no difference.
I mean all the people used to say youre the number one guy this year but more for myself man I just see it more opportunity for not just myself but for other guys to step up.
Youre talking about AB having a hundred catches over a thousand yards.
Those yards those catches are gonna be spread out you know obviously between James Conner Vance McDonald and James Washington Donte Moncrief a lot of guys James Samuels.
There are so many guys who are gonna get more touches more catches more yards more yak.
You know just to help them individually.
But at the end of the day Im still the same dude same Juju same person Im just last year I was 21 this year Im 22 same thing.
Victor Thats whats up.
Wendy The 22 year old version of Juju SmithSchuster Juju you reference the football being spread around that makes the communication with Ben Roethlisberger all that more important.
Whats your relationship like with your quarterback?
Its amazing man you know what I mean Ben hes a great leader great dude hes taken the whole offensive group down to his lake house in Georgia.
Amazing we spent time together bonding we worked hard we threw but at the end of the day its more so like building that bond and that connection and what he did for us was amazing.
I think its so crazy that a guy whos been in the league for like 15 16 years he sees so many guys come and go and you know for me Im only 22 years old when I met him I was 20 years old and our bond is just gonna keep growing.
I know as a athlete as a super star athlete that you are youre always working on something new.
Youre always working on something new to perfect your game.
Give me one thing youve been working on this off season to just either get better at or something you wanna add to your game or whatever the case may be.
Man Ive been really really focusing in playing more inside and outside and learning the whole package.
Learning the whole offense thats what separates being on the field the whole game than being on the field certain plays during packages.
I think its great that Im able to play outside inside right side left side inside in.
Thats gonna help out a lot thats something Ive really been focused on its just studying that playbook till the next level and understanding what everybody has on the field.
Juju we also get to see everything else you do via social media.
Does anybody in the NFL have more fun than you do?
Not necessarily I mean I do lots of YouTube stuff theres a lot of stuff I do on that end.
I really love to show my personal side.
You know my fun side what I do in my free time you know playing Fortnite.
I do a lot of videogame streaming Twitch and making YouTube videos.
I think a lot of guys in the NFL they just post a lot of working out videos which is nothing wrong with that but what do they like to do on their free time?
Do they like to travel the world?
Do they like to just stay home watch movies?
I think a lot of their fans would love to see that on a more personal base.
Well and some like to go to prom you know.
Which apparently you did recently.
Tell us about the prom.
So the prom was awesome you know.
A kid hes from PA Pittsburgh.
Ideally he wanted to take this girl that he liked a lot and his best friend ends up taking her.
He told his best friend too but his best friend kind of went behind his back took his girl.
So he asked me and I was just like man lets just oneup this kid.
We buy a suit we get a party bus we basically stole the night away from him and his girl but at the end of the day we all had a good time.
I met the guy he seems like a good kid so hes great.
My friend is great cause he got like 20k followers Anthony.
So hes super excited about his college career coming.
Anthony one friend and girlfriend nothing he wins.
Juju we saw you getting busy on the dance floor.
We saw you getting busy on the dance floor right there.
Talk to me about what celebrations you got in store.
I know youre always being creative you always bring some new stuff to the table.
What you got in store for us this year from the celebration standpoint?
Man so look Im super excited.
Yes Im a young dude in a room but Im very vocal its my time to step up to be a leader and what I mean by leader Im getting everybody on the page to do major celebration Marlon McCree hes older than me but hes gonna do these celebrations.
James Washington.
All these guys major celebration.
James Washingtons on the same page because were in the same class.
And then Im still working on Big Ben and Alejandro.
Theyre a lot older than me so theyve been there before so well see how it all figures out.
But major celebrations coming soon.
All right we cant wait.
Last question we asked James Conner this yesterday to close things out why should Steeler fans be optimistic as we look toward 2019?
Man Steeler fans theyre always here supporting since day one whether were doing good or bad I dont doubt those supporters to the end.
Im kind of happy where were at right now were not the headline the Browns the team that everyone is watching what kind of noise theyre gonna make.
Im super excited to watch them play too.
Seeing OBJ comment on my post and Im commenting on his post like yo we cant wait whos gonna have the best dance moves but like I said this year the fans just support until the end because were gonna finish strong.
You always notice we always pull through.
Wendy Alright Juju best of luck.
We appreciate you being with us.
Victor Thanks for being with us Ju.
Thank you I appreciate it.
Wendy With Antonio Brown now departed to Oakland Juju will become Big Bens number one option and he should receive tighter coverage.
Over the last two seasons been facing press covers.
Juju actually though had a better catch rate and yards for target than Antonio Brown.
Clearly Victor perspective changes a little bit I would think.
You know hes the number one guy he can say whatever.
What kind of pressure?
How is it different for Juju starting this season than say last year?
I think the only thing different is like you said the mindset the perspective obviously youre coming into that locker room and Antonio Brown is not there its just you and now you become kind of that leader.
People are looking to you.
Youve been there you understand who you are.
I know youre just 22 years old but now you become the guy that the younger teammates are looking up to you wanting to know what youre doing wanting to hang out with you in the off season.
Wanting to just steal a little bit of knowledge from you.
Your relationship with Ben.
They wanna get a headstart on what they need to do to get better and he becomes the guy that leads the charge in that regard and its pretty big shoes to fill.
And I think the Steelers have done a great job.
I think they were preparing for this for a number of years.
And there is that whole notion of we have to win for today and develop for tomorrow.
And you look at that position in that organization going back to Mike Wallace Santonio Holmes obviously Antonio Brown SmithSchuster.
They do a great job of getting guys in the pipeline getting them developed.
And now Antonio Brown moves on SmithSchuster steps up to be the number one guy.
I think theyve done a remarkably great job for a number of years.
Especially at this position.
I Think thats a great point and I would argue that outside of New England they probably do it as well as anybody in terms of continuity.
I know Antonio Brown ended in a way they probably didnt anticipate but they did anticipate that it would end at some point.
And to that end and Mike to you your point they seemed to be sort of in lockstep for planning for the future.
I think theres three things that Juju SmithSchuster has to probably focus on this season.
Its going from being a great receiver to an elite receiver.
He needs to play at that level.
Victor touched on the leadership aspect.
Its obvious just from that interview you can hear he has stepped up to already be the leader.
Hes talkin bout trying to get Big Ben in the offensive line to participate in his celebration drills.
And they obviously have good chemistry there.
And then that third layer is being a mentor to those younger guys.
So hes gonna be asked a lot more of him as a football player out on the field and of course in the locker room but if theres one thing I think weve learned about Juju over the years is he attacks everything with open arms.
He is an open book himself he embraces that role and he wants to be that character guy.
He wants to be that good guy.
And when you talk to players on the Steelers about Juju Smith and what his personality is like because obviously on social media hes so much fun and he can be loud apparently he does a lot of his work silently.
Hes not the loudest guy in the room hes not the one joking around during drills.
He likes to have fun but he is locked in and focused and I think if he can take his game to that elite level the Antonio Brown conversations that were gonna be having are gonna feel so long ago.
You know what else he said that was really impressive in the interview he touched on at the end about the Steelers are always there in the end.
And its not where you start in football its where you end.
And you look at Pittsburgh and New England those teams always improve during the course of the season.
So James Conner SmithSchuster in a new role.
Its not what they look like August or September.
Are they ascending and getting better and Mike Tomlin deserves so much credit.
The player development the way they couch their players.
They get better and I thought his point was a good one which is hey well be there in the end because thats where theyve been year in and year out.
It almost feels like they transform and they kinda morph into whatever they need to be to win towards the second half of the season and thats what keeps them in the hunt year in and year out.
Well and I understand for all kinda reasons why everybodys looking to Cleveland.
But I think youd unwise to sleep on Pittsburgh in any way shape or form.
Mike Tomlin as the head coach a veteran squad.
This is a good team.
I think that you could argue underachieved last season.
Well see.
What do Patrick Mahomes Sequon Barkley and Kyler Murray all have in common?
They make head turning highlight real worthy plays.
Well crown the highlight king next.
You ever watch like the highlights on YouTube?
Commentator Patrick Mahomes on fire.
Commentator Looks one way zings in another.
Commentator There you go!
Commentator Flys over the top flips and goes around touch down.
Commentator Kyler Murray an absolute dime!
Commentator Hes the best quarterback youll ever see at everything else except height.
Commentator Patrick Mahomes with Mahomes magic.
How did he pull that off!?
Narrator If only there was a place nearby you can get one of these or these.
Good thing theyre sold everywhere business is done.
Im pretty sure you can buy them at a bank.
Not sorry Reeses.
Music Summer nights keeping me up Music Music I wanna waste time just lookin up the sky Music Music Fallen stars mind wandering far Music Music Like were sixteen dreamin in the dark Music Music Love the wind in my hair as I drive my car Music Music It makes me feel free Music Narrator Now get exceptional offers at the Infinity  Summer Sales event.
Narrator Too many people in pain settle for a restless nights sleep theres a better choice.
Aleve pm the only one to combine a safe sleep aid and the 12 hour painrelieving strength of a leave that dares to last into the morning.
So you feel refreshed.
Aleve pm theres a better choice.
Music La la la la la la Music Narrator Home its so much more than a house its your own freshly cut fairway.
For over 30 years Rocket Mortgages helped millions of Americans finance the home of their dreams.
Nope nope.
Narrator So you can focus on making your house home.
Rocket Mortgage push button get mortgage.
Narrator What does it take to burn one calorie and enjoy the great taste of Miller lite?
A walk to the bar.
More taste is worth one more calorie.
What are you holding?
Miller lite hold true.
Blonde Woman Voiceover Thanks Golden Corral Dan gets a slow smoked sirloin and my little trio are as happy as shrimp oops clams.
And mom got it all hook line and sirloin.
The slowest smoked sirloin and shrimp trio.
Golden Corral the only one for everyone.
Stop the car!
Stop the car!
Narrator The IKEA Summer Sale.
Save up to 50 off select items in store only June 26 to July 7 IKEA.
Trainer Alright were in this together one more time.
Three two rise with me.
Make every step a little stronger than the last.
Narrator Over 90 live classes every week.
Just one part of the best cardio machine on the planet.
Peloton.
Hi Phil Swift here.
People everywhere tell me how much they love the Flex Seal family of products.
This stuff is awesome.
It really works.
Best stuff I ever got.
Narrator Nothing compares to the strength of original Flex Seal.
Like Seal liquid Flex Shower Flex tape and Flex glue.
Use the Flex Seal family of products to weatherproof and protect virtually everything.
From your home car and truck to your boat and RV.
Seal up gaps cracks and holes.
Patch busted pipes.
Seal gushing gutters.
Even make quick repairs underwater.
Now you can make emergency roadside repairs in the toughest conditions.
All Flex Seal products create a super strong watertight barrier.
Now you can coat patch seal and repair.
Imagine everything you could do with the Flex Seal family of products.
Narrator available at these fine retailers.
Guys how frustrating is it to find a great pair of jeans too tight here too loose there too long there.
Standard jeans use just two measurements and MTailor custom jeans use seven different measurements to give you the perfect fit.
Your phone can measure you right now.
Download the MTailor app on IOS or android choose from hundreds of styles.
Mtailor measures you digitally and is 20 more accurate than a professional tailor.
With free shipping and a money back guarantee get your new favorite pair of jeans today.
Mtailor available on the Apple App Store or Android.
Announcer With the first pick the New Orleans Pelicans select Zion Williamson.
The New York Knicks select RJ Barrett.
RJ Yo I love the bigger stage I love the challenge Zion My dreams came true Im just ready to work.
Wendy MBA Summer League action on Friday.
Triple header starting at 730 Eastern on ESPN.
You dont wanna miss a special matchup at 930 featuring former Duke teammate Zion and RJ Barrett facing off for the first time in the association.
Press coverage now from our own Josina Anderson.
An update the NFL and NFLPA have already scheduled CBA negotiating sessions for July 17 through the 19th.
It will be the first time both sides engage in talks for three consecutive days specifically on this pending league deal.
Dan Graziano also reporting there is hope of getting a new CBA by the start of the 2019 season.
Diana Great news.
Wendy Lets take a look at a few NFL players nominated for the ESPYS shall we?
After an impressive sophomore running through for over 5000 yards and 50 touch downs and won an MVP.
Patrick Mahomes nominated for best male athlete.
Sequon Barkley nominated for the best breakthrough athlete.
Last season Barkley burst out of the scene rushing for 1307 yards.
Broke a giant record.
Kyler Murray nominated for best college athlete.
He became the seventh to win the highest man in OUs history.
None of those are too shabby alright?
Today we give out the Highlight King award.
Is that in ESPY or its not?
It is not butCould be It should be.
It should be.
It definitely should be but its funny because my choice is Kansas city quarterback Patrick Mahomes.
He is up for male athlete of the year But youre crowning him the Highlight King.
Hes getting my vote and heres why.
Against the Ravens facing fourth and nine from the chiefs forward Mahomes just did what we had seen him do countless times.
Which was buy time with his feet.
Mike Get outta bounds.
Relies on his right hand there finds Tyreek Hill down field and the best part is after the game Andy Reid said oh yeah thats exact how you decided.
Yeah sure Andy.
How about against the Broncos?
We knew his right hand was magical.
Did you just say lucky?
Narrator Leftie.
Oh I thought you said lucky I was like I dont think that was luck right?
We knew his right hand was pretty magical but his left hand here.
Spots Von Miller comin right at him.
Mike Semispiral on that.
Diana Even when youre defense is doing everything they should be doing.
There are situations where you cannot beat Pat Mahomes because he comes up with some unthinkable moments here.
His athleticism his vision of the field and his ability to stay in the pocket plays and of course outside the pocket is where his perhaps probably most dangerous.
Alright Im going with Sequon Barkley here.
Wendy Oh wait hes your Highlight King just to be clear He is my Highlight King Sequon Barkley because he is a highlight machine as you can see hes broken at least 47 tackles on that one to get to the end zone.
In this one I mean hes just putting his foot in the ground he will not be denied against Philadelphia obviously a rivalry in that division.
And hes taken off on that one.
In this one this ones pretty good.
Okay we know this guy is good.
First of all tremendous block by 73 right there but this run is just indicative of the type of athlete that Sequon Barkley is.
He can shake guys behind him in front of him and hes got the speed to outrun anybody in this league.
And thats what we see here.
And its always on display.
And then I get a bonus Diana I get a bonus here like this one.
Thats a little hurdle how many runner backs are doing that?
Not only a handful of guys I can probably count em all on one hand who can hurdle guys in traffic like that and keep it moving.
crosstalk drowns out speaker Protection two he was able to not to pile on your Giants.
But the fact that he was able to do that with that old Lion is incredible.
Wendy Mike Tannenbaum.
I got Kyler Murray I was at this game his resiliency was unbelievable they got outplayed badly in the first half.
He comes down in the second half he steps up with the Pak he keeps his eyes down on the field that puts so much pressure on a defense.
Throws a really accurate pass.
This was a great play.
Got Oklahoma back in the game.
This was another game I was at West Virginias defense was horrific in this game.
If they were playing flag football Tyler Murray still wouldve gone untouched.
Victor Looks like flag football.
And this is what Arizona was hoping for.
Look at how many guys he can make miss in space and then have the speed to take it all the way.
The amount of pressure hell put on defenses will be formidable in the fall because itll be his arm and his feet.
Speaking of his arm look at this one.
Oklahoma state big rivalry game.
Again 50 yards out in the field Brown in stride.
This guys gonna be a dynamic play maker.
He is a highlight machine he is the Highlight King maker and Arizona Cardinals fans thats what theyre looking forward to in the fall.
Theyre hoping fingers crossed.
Listen we told you wed like to vote.
We narrowed the field.
Its one of these three Highlight King okay.
So go to out Twitter handle ESPNNFL you can vote one of these three and well let you know what you think.
Also by the way while youre at it dont forget you can also vote on the ESPYS right now that is at ESPY.com Diana you already voted.
Wendy A man born without arms or legs found his calling coaching high school football.
He comes out full head of hair parted down the side I told him theres nothing ugly about him.
Hes still an angel.
Whats up DK I know youre asking yourself am I worth the hype?
Can I live up to it all?
See thats the thing about hype it can make you or break you.
Heres what Ive learned.
They get to ask all the questions but only you get to answer.
Good luck DK.
Music Na na na na na na na na Music Music eh eh eh goodbye Music Music eh eh eh goodbye Music Narrator The world first sixfunction multiprotal gate available only in the next generation GMC seer.
Get 20 below MSRP next generation 2019 GMC double cab and SLE crew cable models with the standard talegate.
Narrator Why use Postit extreme notes?
Because they make your message stick getting it said and done right the first time.
Oh come on.
Narrator Stop the rework with the Postit extreme notes.
Looks like someones still nervous about buying a new house.
Is it that obvious?
Yes it is.
Or maybe youd worry less if you GEICO to help with your home owners insurance.
I didnt know GEICO helps with home owners insurance.
Yeah theyve been doing it for years.
What are you doing?
Big Steve?
Thanks man.
There he is.
Narrator Get to know GEICO and see ow much you can save on homeowners and renters insurance.
Narrator Discover a new wave of refreshment crafted using our unique and pure process.
White Claw Hard Seltzer.
Nothing tastes quite like it.
Narrator Takeru Kobayashi Joey Chestnut two recordsetting champions.
Commentator Kobayashi the dominant power of this man may end the dynasty.
We were pushing each other to limits that neither one of us thought we were gonna go to.
We had a great rivalry.
Narrator What if I told you there was even more beef behind the scenes.
I didnt expect that it would end the way it did.
Narrator The Good The Bad The Hungry tonight at 8pm on ESPN.
Narrator Why settle for ordinary when you can have extraordinary at Touchofmodern watches dont just tell time they change the way you spend it.
Bags are thoughtfully designed to never slow you down and gear wont get in the way.
And coffee tables are also refrigerators.
Keeping you at the center of the party.
All it takes is a touch.
Touchofmodern.com The ESPYS auction is where you can bid on once in a lifetime experiences like joining me on the set of Sports Center.
That should be like a million dollars.
Join me in Sunday night baseball in the booth.
You can join me and well make a puppet in your likeness.
Come and hang out with me and my least favorite son Dan on South beach.
Narrator So bid now on Ebay.comESPN.
Wendy The ESPYS auction includes amazing experiences across sports and entertainment including those you just heard about.
Go to Ebay.comESPN to bid now through July 10th.
All proceeds benefit the V Foundation for cancer research.
Weve been highlighting our ESPY nominees throughout the show but this one goes beyond football.
High school football coach Rob Mendez who will be the recipient of the Jimmy V Award for perseverance.
Born with an extremely rare condition that affects less than 100 people in the world.
Mendez found his calling coaching a sport that he was never able to play himself.
Essy featured chronicles Mendezs first season as a head football coach.
Capturing the inspiring and unlikely story of a coach who transformed a group of young athletes from skeptics into believers.
Coach At this time I just wanna introduce to you somebody that I think can really help turn this program around.
A coach that I hired cause I was impressed with his knowledge of the game.
His passion as a coach blew me away.
Everything else thats on top of that in terms of who he is and what he does on a day to day basis inspires me.
Your new coach Rob Mendez.
It was awful it was really really awful.
I didnt have a choice to have an abortion so I had to keep Robert.
In the back of mind Im asking why my son?
You know less than 100 born like him in the world.
What am I gonna do with this boy.
It was hard to see him.
I really didnt wanna see Robert.
So I didnt see little Robert for about two weeks because I didnt know what to do.
I just remember staring you know there was a lot of staring.
It would piss me off really bad.
Like he was not a human or something.
But he is different he sees people staring as an opportunity.
Things that you an I get to do in ten minutes might take him an hour but he never complained about it.
Robert was just a really easy child and he just was really really happy.
Whats your favorite team?
San Francisco 49ers.
Hes got a gift that doesnt require him to be physical.
Making him aware of that I think he just took the ball and ran.
I think the most difficult part about having no arms and no legs is simply not being able to play sports.
I dont show it Im good at not showing it but I get mad.
I get mad at God I get mad at the Lord.
Like why?
His freshman year he was standing behind the fence at a distance watching the practice.
That was the beginning.
We wanted to get him involved in the program so we invited him to be our manager.
They didnt know what I could do they obviously knew I couldnt play but just to include me it made me feel a part of it.
You know it made me feel I guess you could say normal.
He paid attention to us as coaches but he learned the game playing Madden football.
He created game plans on Madden and then hed come to practice and try to create the same game plans and execute them the same way.
I started giving Robert a little bit more responsibility with my quarterbacks.
And the next thing you know he was there running the drills for us.
His ability to study the game and his ability to translate those things to the kids is unmatched by most of the coaches that I know.
Ive been overlooked the last three or four years Ive been ready for it.
When I go to a job interview sometimes I feel like Im gonna scaring is not the right word surprise them.
And I dont know how theyre gonna take the surprise.
As he rolls out to be brutally honest when I saw that Im like how can this guy coach?
And as he comes close he goes give me a fist pump give me a fist pump.
I just gave him a little fist pump right there on his shoulder and all that nerves that I had just melted away.
We had other applicants but I knew in my heart that it would be a great fit for these young athletes.
I remember when coach Kibble hired me cruising off the campus I just felt really accomplished cause it took me so long I knew Ive been ready for it and Ive been overlooked.
And finally somebody gave me the opportunity so I really appreciated that.
At this time I just wanna introduce to you your new JBL coach Rob Mendez.
Appreciate that coach Kibble Thank you coach.
You know football is my passion this is gonna be my 13th year coaching and I cant wait to get to know every single one of you.
Believe in yourself believe in your teammates and believe in what youre doing.
Are we clear gentlemen?
Im excited guys.
Obviously it was a little shocking and there was jokes coming around.
Typical teenagers you know a guy with no arms or legs not a lot of people have seen that.
If youre taken aback thats just natural and thats human.
But after the first two seconds its just a normal guy.
I dont care how good you are I dont care how experienced you are you guys are gonna do everything as a team.
Though he may not look like a coach he definitely acts like one.
9 157 so what were gonna teach right now is called 31 zone.
His knowledge of the game for somebody who actually hasnt gone through it is impressive.
On his phone he can diagram a play faster than I can do it with pen and paper.
Theres definitely doubters out there like parents.
Look at him my son is getting coached at quarterback by a guy who has no arms and no legs.
That lights a fire under my butt and probably gets me excited to really just try to prove people wrong about it.
Perfect!
Good job!
When they see him and witness him and hear him Id like to believe that they take a moment to evaluate themselves and anything that theyve gone through in life cant be more difficult than what he endures on a daily basis.
One thing I care about more than anything is being a family that is one thing I take pride on I love people.
I love you I love you I love you I love everyone.
So if you guys cant show love on this football field then you better get off of it.
Towards you Aden who am I gonna go to?
It was a fractured orbital bone and my cheekbone is fractured as well I couldnt sleep I couldnt chew.
I just felt bad for him.
You know hes got a hard life and I try to make it as easy as I can.
Things that you and I take for granted like brushing your teeth or washing your face or taking a shower or going to the restroom Robert needs someone to help him.
But hes tough two days later he was at his practice.
And his thing is now I gotta be there for the kids.
Hes been waiting to be a head coach for a long time.
I didnt wanna let them down I didnt wanna let the kids down.
I just cant stay away I guess.
Me being challenged has been my motivation.
All I gotta say is who says I cant!?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant!?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant!?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant originally came from me just having a drive to accomplish whatever people doubted me for.
Who says I cant!?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant!?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant!?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant!?
Team Nobody!
If hes willing to do all of that then what are we willing to do?
Its go time weve been working hard all summer long.
Prospect on three one two three.
Team Prospect!
Go kick ass lets go.
Those kids fought every single game I mean I cant remember one game that we were bigger than the other team but dammit we got the job done.
Thats what Im talking about!
We got the momentum keep it up lets go!
JBT in the last ten years has had mostly losing seasons.
He just really has done a job that I havent been able to see other coaches do at that level before.
Im tryna send my Y over the middle because its gonna be right here over the middle.
Give me a hug both of you guys appreciate guys alright lets go.
Announcer Good morning and hello Prospect and Soprano High winner today wins the league.
Remember this Im proud of every single one of you but dammit were not done yet so lets go finish the job off right now.
Commentator Might take a miracle plan to score the only points in this contest.
Passes off to his right intercepted.
437 play in the fourth quarter.
Soprano looking for the first points.
Kick on the way has the distance and its good and Soprano takes a 30 lead.
Lets just execute guys this is four league right here 180 smash okay lets do it.
Commentator Fourteen for the panthers fourth down played Jackson off to his left and its incomplete.
Soprano gets the win and cakes the division title.
What a win this afternoon over Prospect.
Dont worry about it family is the most important thing remember that okay.
Thats what we built this team off of was family okay.
You got good days and bad days man.
Today as a team its okay Im very proud of you the whole team.
Its gonna hurt today and thats okay if it hurts because we cared a lot.
Because we love this game of football.
I really sincerely want you guys to understand how much I appreciate this.
You guys have given me a lifetime of memories.
Our opponents theyd always doubt him cause they see a man in a wheelchair to us we see our coach whos perfect.
When we were pushing him off the field after the game makes me feel proud to have him as my coach.
These kids would follow him no matter where he go.
You can actually see the changes in the kid.
Can I give you a hug?
You want the best for your children.
I told him one time theres not a lot of money in this Robert and he told me its not everybody who does what they do for money.
Hes right.
They give me the feeling of importance and I dont think they know that and understand that.
Maybe they will one day but I love those kids and Im always gonna remember them.
I think we make a perfect team can we agree on that?
Team Yes coach.
Can we agree on that?
Team Yes coach.
Who says I cant!?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant!?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant!?
Team Nobody!
Well several schools in the Silicon Valley recently notified Mendez a varsity head coaching openings hes decided not to interview he says he has unfinished business with his JV team at Prospect.
For more on Rob Mendez and his remarkable journey head to ESPN plus for the full half hour documentary which you can stream right now.
And a reminder to catch the ESPYS July 10th on ABC to see Mendez receive the Jimmy V Award for perseverance.
With AB now on the radars what might Jujus new role be in Pittsburgh as the lead widereceiver.
Well take up that topic next.
Narrator Keep up with your favorite team on the go with the NFL app.
Get all your updates scores and live games during the season.
Download the NFL app from your app store.
Trump Very very small loan from my father.
Reporter Youve gotta start somewhere.
Reporter A reporter from the New York Times.
Reporter Bank statements tax funds property records of deeds.
Reporter 1995 showed that he was bleeding money but through it all founded it all number by number.
Thats when we realized thats fraud.
Trump I built this empire I did it by myself.
Look make a wish.
I wish for a biggie bag from Wendys.
I wish everyone loved each other and wasThat is a great wish Jimmy.
Narrator Get a bacon double stacked with a quarter pound of fresh beef nuggets fries and a drink for just five bucks.
Wendys Biggie Bag is everything you could wish for.
Ours is a proud bloodline we hail from the battlefields to the bad lands.
from the mountains and the midtowns.
From the islands to the highlands.
And directly to those who understand that when you get behind a wheel of a Jeep Rangler youre joining a family.
Hurry in to the 4th of July sales event get 500 additional bonus cash on select models.
Visit Jeep.com Narrator What do you serve up when that no name charcoal burns out early?
Chicken tate?
Choose the charcoal worth your flame fastest lighting longest burning for the way barbecue should taste.
Kingsford.
Narrator With worsening weather patterns an aging vulnerable power grid and the growing risk of cyber terrorism.
Power outages are a part of life now that can be stressful because we depend on power more than ever.
When the power goes out we lose everything.
We cant even charge our smartphones.
Now more than ever you need a Generac automatic home standby generator.
With prices starting at just 1999 you can afford to always have the power you need.
With Generac power stays on in your house even if youre not at home.
I know that when the power goes out that Generac is gonna kick on and Im gonna have power in my whole house.
If its out for 15 minutes or four days were gonna be okay.
We have control over what happens in our lives now.
Generac gives us that piece of mind because it is our power grid.
Narrator Call or go online to schedule your free inhome assessment.
Generac has more than 5000 dealers nationwide.
That will help you select a home standby generator that will meet your needs and fit within your budget.
Theyll discuss installation and provide you with a comprehensive estimate.
Its a totally free assessment with no obligation to buy.
Generacs automatic home standby generator start at just 1999.
Special financing is available with affordable monthly payments.
Plus with the Generac mobile link you can check on your generator anytime from anywhere in the world.
With the highest quality construction exceptional dependability and state of the art technology its easy to see why Generac is the number one brand of automatic home standby generators in the world.
Call or go online to schedule your free inhome assessment and if you act right now youll receive our 7 year extended limited warranty.
A 695 value absolutely free!
Control your power and control your life with a Generac automatic home standby generator.
Commentator Another golden moment from Wimbledon.
Wendy UFC 239 Saturday in Las Vegas two of the greatest champions defending their titles.
Jon Bones battles Thiago Santos and Amanda Nunes takes on Holly Holm in the comain events on PayPerView.
Thats starting at 1000 Eastern.
Go to espnplus.compayperview.
Juju SmithSchuster will enter training camp as the Pittsburgh Steelers number one widereceiver for the first time in his career.
Here is SmithSchuster from earlier today on what its like on the expectations of stepping into that role.
I mean all the people used to say youre the number one guy this year but more for myself man I just see it more opportunity for not just myself but for other guys to step up.
Youre talking about AB having a hundred catches over a thousand yards.
Those yards those catches are gonna be spread out you know.
Obviously between James Conner Vance Donald and James Washington Donte Moncrief a lot of guys James Samuels.
There are so many guys who are gonna get more touches more catches more yards more yak.
You know just to help them individually.
But at the end of the day Im still the same dude same Juju same person Im just last year I was 21 this year Im 22 same thing.
Yes the older wiser more mature 22 year old Juju SmithSchuster with a good yak reference always a good day.
Alright listen this got us thinking obviously big shoes to fill with Antonio Brown deported.
Hes now an Oakland Raider.
So lets go one by one.
Receptions more or less Antonio or Juju Mike?
Juju just made all my points for me.
Theyre gonna spread the ball around in Pittsburgh plus you have a head coach Jon Gruden whos the play caller they gave up a lot of money and picks to get EB.
EB will have more receptions.
I do think Jon Gruden motivated to get Antonio Brown the football.
How about touch downs Diana?
Touch downs Im gonna go with AB as well.
You know you actually teamed me up perfectly there Wendy because I think if there is anyone that wants to make Antonio Brown work in Oakland cause they have to figure out why the paid him all that money its gonna be Jon Gruden.
So hes obviously callin all the shots on offense here and in terms of widereceivers in the game we can debate all long who is the best but we all know how special AB can be.
And as soon as he can figure out that chemistry with Derek Carr I think hes gonna have more touchdowns than Juju does.
All right theres receptions theres touchdowns and how about all purpose yards Victor Cruz.
Im gonna give Juju some love here because clearly Mike and Diana did not give him any love so far.
But Im going with Yards hes the bona fide number one guy now which means in those pressure situations Ben will be looking to him to be that number one receiver and get him the ball in space either on drag routes deep routes he could run any route in the book and its gonna be interesting to see just how they use him as the number one guy.
All right look its a team game and all of those things are what they are.
But what really matters of course you hope anyway are the number of wins from each of these teams.
Weve got the Steelers weve got the Raiders.
Who gets the head cheer?.
Yeah its gonna be Pittsburgh.
I think were gonna see an improvement with Oakland especially in offense.
Josh Jacobs Terrel Williams obviously AB another year with Derek Carr and Jon Gruden.
Really worry about defense and rushing the pass but obviously they lost Cleo Mack a year ago while they drafted Clelin Ferrell from the first round.
Its gonna take a while for him to get going.
I think theyre gonna be a working progress in terms of how they are on defense.
Im going with Mike Tomlin and a very mature Pittsburgh Steeler organization.
I think thats a pretty good bet.
How about celebrations?
Is this even a question?
Well I guess maybe.
Its not a question at all Im going with Juju mainly because it doesnt even have to be him that has to score to do the celebrations.
Hes made that clear everybody is in on this thing so whether its him or whether its Vance McDonald or any other person on that team.
Theyre gonna be celebrating and Juju will be leading the way.
And let me tell you if you did not see it Juju was with us about an hour ago and he said that he is working on Ben Roethlisberger to get him on.
He has not committed but hes trying.
Well see him in there.
Well see about that.
I like that youve become the resident celebration expert for us its like anything celebration that we have to go to Victor.
I am taking a bow for you.
We have one more category one more category.
How about the drama.
Oh the drama.
Is it on there or no?
Lets see here.
I guess not alright pretend.
Speaking of drama.
Im gonna go with what history says and I think its gonna be Antonio Brown on this and Im gonna stick with that thought.
I like the way Juju SmithSchuster is maturing into not just a mentor to those younger players but an actual leader on the Steelers team.
And for Antonio Brown there are a lot of personalities on this roster now.
Obviously we know Jon Bruden is the focal point of this team no matter whos on it.
But I think theres going to be points during the season where the AB of Pittsburgh will show its face in Oakland.
You cannot tell we will not get through this season without him getting irked with Derek Carr theres no way.
It takes one sailed ball and hes gonna come at like really really?
Put some money on it.
The ESPYS are right around the corner who is getting your vote for the best recordbreaking performance.
Come on you know Drew Brees wants your vote.
Commentator Drew Brees has done it NFLs all time leading passer.
crowd cheering drowns out speaker an award for right?
Remember that degree you got in taxation?
Of course you dont because you didnt.
Your job isnt understanding tax code its understanding why that will get him a body like that.
Move.
That.
Your job isnt doing hard work.
Here its making her do hard work and getting paid for it.
Narrator Snap and sort your expenses to save over 4600 of tax time.
Jody its time to get yours.
Narrator QuickBooks backing you.
This is owed to State Farm for winning five JD Power awards in a row for life insurance.
In B minor.
Narrator Great stuff.
Not running.
Why am I not running?
Because the new DQ sour Blizzard menu is only here for a few more weeks with seven great flavors like new sour patch kids and Brownie dough.
Not running.
Narrator DQ happy tastes good.
Narrator The hamsters run hopelessly in their cage content on their endless quest to nowhere.
But perhaps this year a more exhilarating endeavor awaits.
Defy the laws of human nature at the Summer Audi sales event.
Get exceptional offers now.
So I can buy from Enterprise Car Sales and youll take any trade in?
Thats right.
Great!
There you go.
Well it does need to be a vehicle.
But I need this out of my house.
Narrator With a fair transparent value for every tradein Enterprise makes it easy.
Narrator Tegate bold on the outside light on the inside.
Narrator You check in frequently to see how the markets are doing but what you really need to know is how youre doing.
Where do you go for that?
Right here.
PersonalCapital.com.
Join for free youll get a dashboard that shows you all your accounts in one place income spending investments even your net worth all in real time.
Youll get all these free retirement and investing tools.
Including a retirement planner that takes the guesswork out of retirement plus wealth management options.
Join at PersonalCapital.com Whats good Josh?
Its Deshaun.
Man I know what youre going through you know sometimes you get a great hand and other times you dont.
Living in your dads car always on the move you played the hand you had and it paid off.
And the cards are about to be dealt again Josh.
Announcer The Oakland Raiders select Josh Jacobs.
Deshaun This is your time my dog.
If something happened to you what would happen to them?
Their home their education their future ?
You need life insurance and chances are Select Quote can help you get it for less than a 1 a day.
Narrator Select Quote found Jacob 40 a 500000 policy for only 19 a month.
And Select Quote found his wife Wendy a 500000 policy for only 17 a month.
Our secret?
At Select Quote we aggressively comparison shop up to ten highly rated companies to find you the company with the best rates.
Narrator We found Gary 35 a 1000000 policy for only 22 a month.
Why pay more?
Give your family the security they need at a price you can afford.
Narrator Call 18007816807 or go to SelectQuote.com now and get the insurance your family needs.
Narrator At a price you can afford.
Select Quote we shop you save.
Commentator Drew Brees finds himself only 35 yards away.
Its about us its about our strength!
Commentator Just Peyton Manning left to pass he starts in shotgun drops back looks to the far sideline.
Wide open and Smith what a way to do it!
Commentator Drew Brees is the NFLs all time leading passer.
I won how about that!?
Commentator Theres only one word that comes to mind greatness.
Wendy Well we continue to highlight some of the stars around the NFL that earned ESPY nominations this year.
The amazing moment from Drew Brees is up for the ESPY for best record breaking performance.
Brees broke the NFL passing record when he passed Peyton Mannings mark of 71940 yards.
And Victor you made this point yesterday and its true.
I think last year was his best bet at winning the MVP you just had this pesky little Patrick Mahomes who did things that just didnt seem possible to keep Brees from winning that award.
Exactly and then how do you amass such a monumental record like this on an illustrious career that hes had and not win the league MVP one time.
I mean obviously probably Peyton Manning won a couple of those Tom Brady all of those tremendous players.
But hes gotta get it one time I mean hes put numbers up each and every year.
I think theres years that he kinda just goes under the radar out there in New Orleans with those play makers and everybody hes got.
I think this is the year where hes like you know what Im gonna put a nice pretty little red bow on this career and put a NFL league MVP under my belt and get back to the big dance hopefully and keep things going.
So in fairness he has been a Superbowl MVP two time offensive player Ten years.
But the hall of fame quality quarterback Drew Brees you would like to see him go.
Although I know hed take another Lombardi Trophy any day of the week.
Now that you cant dispute.
But at least give him one League MVP hes earned it.
Well show you why how about this?
How about the best of the best of Drew Brees.
Victor This is vintage right here.
Wendy Yeah vintage 04 he was a speaks in foreign language.
Play action deep to Erick Parker breaks a tackle for a 79 yard touchdown.
Victor I like it showing that arm off.
Wendy In black and white there.
Victor Real early real pixelated grainy I love it.
Mike Pixelated or something like that.
Wendy 2004 against the Packers.
Three steps up just glazed this one perfectly into the arms of Brandin Cooks a 50 yard touchdown strike.
Mike You know what else is crazy?
Wendy That is a dime.
Mike Hes stepping up in the pocket.
A lot of times you see younger quarterbacks step up in the pocket and just check it out.
Hes stepping up in the pocket and keeping his eyes down the field put so much pressure on a defense.
Wendy 06 against the Bengals.
The handoff here its a flee flicker and then Joe Horn there between two defenders a 72 yard touchdown and its that kind of arm that we see on occasion.
And thats Victor Cruz ass right there.
On moving now to the modern day against the Panthers Brees here to Ted Ginn in the end zone 49 yards.
Victor The consistency that were seeing here is hes not even being touched there are barely even people around him while hes making these throws.
Like thats indicative to the type of team hes been around that offensive line taking good care of him.
Wendy 06 NFC Championship Saints and Bears.
Brees here to Reggie Bush.
Mike You know thats a great example of a really effective quarterback play.
Sometimes you have to throw as hard as you can.
That was a great touch throw.
It led the running back who takes it all the way by what touch he has.
And thats an underrated aspect of playing quarterback.
Wendy Then 2016 against the Raiders.
The longest career pass a 90...Is this a 98?
Well hes got the...Little yards out to catch Victor One yard back.
Wendy To Brandin Cooks.
An incredible career certainly should be featured on the hall of fame.
Perhaps a future NFL MVP you can vote in the ESPYS right now at ESPYS.com.
Again Brees up for record breaking performance along with three other moments including Klay Thompsons record for three pointers in a game with 14.
Alright we gave you our opinion but who are you crowning the NFL Highlight King?
Is it Mahomes Sequon Kyler Dennis Green?
Let us know whats happening next.
Now if you wanna crown em then crown their beep but they are who we thought they were.
Whats up Marquise this Juice listen its not about height its about heart.
It breaks through walls and outruns demons.
It outworks everybody.
When they see that they aint gonna know what to do with you.
Announcer The Baltimore Ravens select Marquise Brown.
Bless up my boy.
Music Take your time Music Music Build a home Music Music Build a place where we all can belong Music Narrator Give extra get extra.
With new Extra Refreshers gum.
Look make a wish.
I wish for a Biggie Bag from Wendys.
I wish everyone loved each other and wasThat is a great wish Jimmy.
Narrator Get a Bacon Double Stack with a quarter pound of fresh beef nuggets fries and a drink for just five bucks.
Wendys Biggie Bag is everything you could wish for.
Thanks for the ride along Captain Ive never been in one of these before even on GEICOs.
Oh oh oh here we go here we go.
You got cut off there what were you saying?
Maybe the GEICOs have been proudly serving the military for over 75 years is that what you wanted to say?
I have to say you seem a lot chatty around TV.
Narrator GEICO proudly serving the military for over 75 years.
You okay back there buddy?
Woman Thanks Golden Corral Dan gets a slow smoked sirloin and my little trio are as happy as shrimp oops clams.
And mom got it all hook line and sirloin.
The slowest smoked sirloin and shrimp trio.
Golden Corral the only one for everyone.
Announcer How do you gage the greatness of an SUV.
Is it to carry cargo?
Or to carry on a legacy?
Is it its design of strength or its sign of intelligence?
In crossing harsh terrain or breaking new ground?
This is the time to get an exceptional offer on the Mercedes of your midsummer dreams at the MercedesBenz Summer Event.
Going on now.
Lease the GLA 250 SUV for just 329 a month at the MercedesBenz Summer Event.
MercedesBenz the best or nothing.
Narrator Discover a new wave of refreshment crafted using our unique and pure process.
White Claw Hard Seltzer.
Nothing tastes quite like it.
Bro.
Man gasps I got this!
Bro.
Bro!
Bros?
Bro!
Bro.
All Bro!
Bro?
Bro.
Oh bro.
All Oh!
Later bromies.
Bros.Bro!
Narrator Stuber in theaters July 12th.
Announcer NFL Live is brought to you by GEICO 15 minutes could save you 15 or more on car insurance.
Wendy Canadian football league action Thursday on ESPN its the 30 Hamilton TigerCats take on the Montreal Alouettes at 730 Eastern.
To get ESPN Plus download the ESPN app or visit us at espnplus.com.
And do not forget Sports Center at 600 Eastern.
After the Getup NBA Free Agency Special with Kevin Negandhi and Michelle Eaves.
Theyll have the latest on Kawhis deciding factors.
Plus reaction and analysis from the US Women their semifinal against England and of course day two at Wimbledon.
Sports Center 600 Eastern on ESPN and the ESPN app.
Everybody stated their case its not a real ESPY but were handing one out.
The NFL Highlight King and Dianna Russini who made the case for Patrick Mahomes.
I dont know guys I happen to agree.
I mean the man is a highlight machine.
Mike Ill throw a challenge flag here were talking about the NFL right?
We havent had any NFL players yet for Tyler so were in the wrong category.
We got the right player maybe in the wrong category.
So what youre saying you were handicapped from the get go?
crosstalk drowns out speaker So put the pressure on you then.
So are you going with team Victor with Sequon Barkley or team Diana Russini with Patrick Mahomes?
Im a free agent Im going with the highest bidder.
Okay well see how it works.
Well talk offscreen.
Listen July 4th holiday we wanna say a special thank you to all our men and women serving around the world.
We appreciate.