
Reporter July 4th this is not out of the realm that has happened before.
Yeah it is not that unusual.
Weve just seen such an acceleration right and the way free agency works overall.
Weve never seen this much money committed in the first 24 hours.
No its over almost four billion.
Right and there you go.
So were on day four calm down be zen do what you need to do.
We will get you through the Kawhilight Zone because were back later tonight at 700 eastern.
Come right back well be here waiting for you.
Straight ahead on Daily Wager the dog days of summer are here.
How a holiday heat wave could affect baseball totals across the next few days and could that sunshine also affect hotdogs?
The voice of the Nathans Hotdog Eating Contest joins us to tell you how to bet the contest tomorrow.
Plus we head to Indianapolis for more football prop bets.
Can Andrew Luck and T.Y.
Hilton take Indy back to the playoffs?
Happy hump day welcome into Daily Wager.
I am Doug Kezirian and wed also like to welcome those watching on ESPN2 today.
In case you have never seen the show over the next hour we hope to make you a more informed sports bettor.
We have a packed show coming up and who knows Kawhi could maybe make a decision at any second and that would obviously turn the NBA future odds upside down.
Until then lets get rolling with the rest of the show which includes the Subway Series.
First pitch about an hour away.
Mets beat the Yanks last night just New York Yankees second loss in their last 15 games.
Also the home run records been snapped.
Tonight Domingo German makes his first start since June 7th.
He had an ERA over 8 12 in his last three starts before a hip injury.
Jason Vargas Vargas hes 2.36 ERA in his last seven starts.
Despite those trends the Bombers are favored for the game in the first five and the run total is 10 10!
Joe Fortenbaugh joins me from the Bay Area here.
Joe whats your play in this one?
Doug it may sound crazy but I like the Mets at plus 130 in this matchup.
The Yanks scored just two runs in that game last night against the Mets.
That was just the third time in their last 39 games that they scored two or fewer runs.
Now a lot of that is due credit to Zack Wheeler in the Met bullpen which showed up last night but I gotta wonder after that series across the pond against the Red Sox maybe theres a little jet lag and fatigue at play here for the Yankees so Im gonna keep that in mind.
As you mentioned its the lefty Jason Vargas pitching for the Mets tonight.
Two or fewer earned runs in 10 of 13 starts this year.
The Mets are six and two in his last eight home starts and not only that the Yanks are just 24th in OPS against lefthanded pitching and will be without Edwin Encarnacion tonight.
So you add it all up I like the Mets here at plus 130.
All right sounds good and just to give you a little push back Joe Ive heard the whole jet lag thing but the Boston Red Sox did put up 10 runs last night or maybe the Blue Jays were just that bad yesterday we shall see.
So youre on the Mets.
I know I talked you into the first five yesterday my apologies.
Yanks Mets though just one of five games tonight with a total of at least 10 runs.
Astros Rockies leading the way with a total of 14 12.
They combine for 17 last night at Coors Field.
Lets go out to Las Vegas.
Preston Johnson joins me from Planet Hollywood overlooking Caesers.
Preston what do your numbers have an edge on in terms of all those high overunders?
Its the Astros Rockies under 14 12.
My projection is 13.1 runs and that accounts for nine mile per hour winds to dead center.
It accounts for the fact theyre obviously playing at Coors Field and we even talked about yesterday its crazy having these Astros bats which are so much better than the Rockies hitting in Coors Field and I still looking at this number think this is way too drastic and you look at the pitching match of Wade Miley.
I mean this guys been just stellar for two years and if you say oh someone from the American League pitching in Coors for the first time he was with the Diamondbacks hes accustomed to pitching in Coors.
He even pitched there last year when he was at the Brewers.
So he has some reps there at Coors Field.
I dont think thats gonna mess him up.
Hes 75th percentile league wide and hard hit percentage.
Waited on base against expected batting average against all of these metrics and on the other side Lambert I mean hes a rookie.
He hasnt been pitching too well but hes the number one prospect for the Rockies.
That is the concern some is that the Astros just go nuts.
But 14 thats way to drastic.
I have it right at 13 almost I gotta go under.
All right and on those lists of double digit totals if I had to pick one Id go over 11 12 with the Phillies and Braves.
Both pitchers have really struggled.
Bryse Wilson ERA over eight Nick Pivetta at ERA over seven in his last three starts.
I know its an umpire that would favor pitchers instead of batters here but Im not gonna overthink it.
Ill take the over in that one.
Preston sit tight for that.
And Joe what about you on that list of overunders the double digits which one jumps out to you?
The second half of the White Sox Tigers doubleheader.
Im going under 10 12 runs due largely to the unknown variety of pitchers that were seeing tonight.
For the Tigers its going to be Tyler Alexander the rookie southpaw.
Opponents hit just 234 against him in the month of June.
Theres virtually no tape on the kid no experience that the White Sox will have against him.
So perhaps the second half of the doubleheader theyre tired theyve been out on the diamond all day.
This kid will be able to take advantage of them a little bit and not only that Chicagos about middle of the pack in OPS against lefthanded pitching.
Now on the other side of the equation its gonna be Ross Detwiler who just earned his first Major League Baseball victory in nearly three years.
His first time out just a week ago went up against Minnesota looked really sharp gave up just two earned runs in five innings pitched.
Hell go up against the Tiger lineup tonight.
Thats 25th in OPS against lefthanded pitching.
So I think the pitchers have a little bit of success.
We play the under in 10 12 runs White Sox Tigers.
All right sounds good.
Sit tight Joe much more from both you and Preston throughout the show.
And weve talked college football in recent shows Big Ten yesterday also covered the SEC.
Lets do a little ACC.
Heres a look at your highest six highest win totals courtesy of Caesars for the coming season.
No surprise Clemson with a sizeable gap over the rest of the conference 11 12 minus 110 either side.
Obviously Trevor Lawrence returns for the defending national champions.
Miami at 8 12 Virginia Tech at eight and a trio of NC State Syracuse and Virginia all at 7 12 with varying juices on that.
Lets welcome in The Bear Chris Fallica and Stanford Steve.
I knew you guys were close if I mentioned college football.
Absolutely lets get it going.
You ready to fire away?
Im gonna start with the defending champs Clemson 11 12.
Under.
Over look this is FPI our Football Power Index projects them to win all their games by at least 20 except for two home to AM and thats 15 and then at South Carolina 18.
So all of them by at least two touchdowns.
Their only questionable games are at home or just not it should be wire to wire.
I think Alabama being in the race.
Theyre gonna hear a lot about that.
Well keep them on point and we tend to think oh Clemson always will drop one.
Well they didnt last year so we cant assume that and I think over 11 12.
Last four years of regular season theyve lost twice.
Both of them have been is 19 20 point favorites.
And this is offense.
The whole Clemsoning thing oh I gotta thats long gone.
Their offense is great.
The only thing that I I would play the over on that as well.
The only thing I think that could trip them up is an injury which nobody wants to see but theyre just so much better than everybody on the schedule.
The schedules been they get AM at home thats key obviously.
Yep.
The schedules really favorable for them to run the table.
I think what makes it favorable were gonna get to it with our teams also though but I think the conference is terrible.
Brutal.
It is awful.
Fire away.
All right Ill start but on the other side I look at Florida State okay.
Now they were a disaster last year okay.
Yes.
They won five games.
They started nine different combinations on the offensive line okay.
Quarterbacks were coming in and out of there.
Defensively they were awful.
They didnt rank in the top 100 in any defensive categories.
They were on the field short fields every off from the ball point.
On offense I think they averaged 260 yards a game 21 points.
Those werent good in any top 100 categories but I look at the experience I look at the value of the recruits that they still had.
Those guys were all playing out of position because of injuries and what have you and guys just having to have to play to fill the rosters.
There was disarray through the coaching team.
Theyre so yeah absolutely.
Theres a lot of reasons.
But with the combination of the roster okay and then the schedule okay I think its doable.
The number is seven they have the talent to do it.
When you look at the schedule five of the teams won nine games last year but thats a big drop off.
Those teams lost a lot of games and I think its pretty favorable when you look at everything.
I take three games that arent winnable at Clemson at Florida at Virginia.
We talked last week about those week one lies when they came out and Boise State Florida State was one of the games that Doug and I talked about.
I think what youre mentioning I like Florida State in that game.
You can not go to Virginia with the chance to potentially be wanting to right off the bat offer the year that you had last year but youre right.
You think Kendal Briles maybe biggest coordinator hire going into the 2008 maybe him or maybe Alex Grinch at Oklahoma.
Yeah I mean what he has to play with BlackmanTerry.
Experienced two years ago.
Terrys a A1 receiver.
Willie Taggart can recruit.
Hes demonstrated thatAbsolutely.
In the state of Florida and he finally gets another year under his belt to implement all those guys.
And I will ask the question who do you think is gonna come in?
Not whos gonna play Clemson in an ACC title game.
Whos the second best team when you look at it?
Three months ago you asked the question when we did a Kentucky Derby podcast and Im like I dont know Syracuse they looked great last year.
FPI says 8.1 win so they side with you.
Bear whatEarly lean.
Early lean okay.
What about you Bear?
Last year Steve and I were Bullet Shawn B see we love Addazios dudes.
Love them.
We went over the six and they cashed.
Problem this year at BC Addazios dudes are gone.
The offensive line is gone.
Ray Strahan all those guys in defense gone.
Im on the under this year with BC.
I just look I think as AJ Dillon went and then the injury to quarterback the Eagles offense went.
I just dont know if you can line up an offensive line and just run Dillon 35 times like they want to.
They got a coordinator change on both sides of the ball so well see how that goes.
But Addazio theyve been a six or a seven win every year under him.
Youll have the Virginia Tech game to start the year will be tough.
They should win the next three.
Im high on Wake Forest I think the Deacs are gonna be really good but look at the way they finish.
I mean those final five games if they havent gotten to seven by the time they go to Clemson I dont think theyre gonna get it.
Goodnight yeah exactly.
I mean look at the difference.
Thats a Florida State team and a Boston College team.
Look at the difference in the schedules.
Thats why I like Florida State its over and youre like BCs under.
And why a team like Florida State you can be so high on and then exceeding the number.
They recruit so well they reload.
Its not like BC has been recruiting these great great.
No limited.
They develop players they find guys who they can get into their system and theyre a young offensive line and a lot of turnover.
Im thinking get into a bowl this year with six wins would be a good job.
Of all the ACC teamsReally good.
Between Vegas and what they project biggest delta biggest difference is BC to the under 5.1.
And I think its like aYou got a calculator over there?
A spreadsheet here.
My computerIts a map Steve.
He probably did take it at Stanford.
I still will say Virginia and I have a thing they look good.
Yeah all right well fortunately Weve broke up like that.
We have plenty of time.
We got game one lines or week one lines we can dissect as well throughout the rest of the summer.
Bear and Stanford Steve here in the house.
We all like a little tennis action especially in the morning right not a lot on fire away on.
Give me that money!
Brad Gilbert as we think about Wimbledon underdogs galore.
Well have Patrick McEnroe next with some picks.
Also props for Colts players courtesy of Caesars.
Where do you stand on Andrew Luck passing touchdowns this year 32 12.
Well break it down as Daily Wager rolls on.
Woman What makes DiGiorno Crispy Pan Pizza different than delivery?
Music Pan pan pan pan Music Music Pan pan pan pan Music Man You bake it fresh in its own pan giving our DiGiorno pizza a crispy caramelized crust.
Its not delivery its DiGiorno.
Advertiser Why use Postit Extreme Notes?
Because they make your message stick getting it said and done right the first time.
Homeowner Oh come on!
Advertiser Stop the rework with Postit Extreme Notes.
Not running why am I not running?
Because the DQ Summer Blizzard Menu is only here for a few more weeks with seven great flavors like new Sour Patch Kids and Brownie Dough.
Not running.
Woman DQ Happy Tastes Good.
Music Im tasting olives Music Music Roasted pine nuts Music Music Mmm this red pepper Music Music Thats spicy stuff Music Man Fresh flavor feel good food Sabra Hummus.
Music I just had Sabra Hummus Music Music And now I feel good Music So I can buy from Enterprise Car Sales and youll take any tradein?
Thats right.
Great!
There you go.
Well it does need to be a vehicle.
But I need this out of my house.
Woman With fair transparent value for every tradein Enterprise makes it easy.
Man Tecate bold on the outside light on the inside.
Cameraman Going on five.
Hi!
Hi!
Oh we all just got new smartphones at Cricket!
Hi!
Hi!
Hola!
Hi!
Hi!
Okay Bye!
Bye!
Woman Thanks Golden Corral.
Dan gets his slowsmoked sirloin and my little trio are as happy as shrimp oops clams and Mom got it all hook line and sirloin.
The slowsmoked sirloin and shrimp trio Golden Corral the only one for everyone.
What about him?
Music I know Music Lets do it.
Music These winding roads Music Music Will lead me home Music Music To you Music Music Ill go Music Come on!
Advertiser This summer add a new member to the family.
Hurry into the MercedesBenz Summer Event today for exceptional offers.
Lease the GLC 300 SUV for just 419 a month through MercedesBenz Summer Event going on now.
Music Jump if they want it Music Music They can come and get it Music Man Break down every dinger with launch angle exit velocity apex and distance.
The TMobile Home Run Derby Statcast Edition powered by AWS Monday at eight on ESPN2.
Doug Back with you on Daily Wager.
Today at Wimbledon recapping just some of the action.
But hey the biggest story probably is Coco Gauff the 15 year old American what a story.
She won today as a plus 155 underdog a pick that Brad Gilbert gave out yesterday on this show.
So she moves on to the third round shell face Polona Hercog.
So we gave that one out yesterday as a winner.
What about what else is going on?
Lots of upsets so far but the big names do remain and are in action tomorrow in the second round.
Roger Federer minus 20000 favorite against Britains Jay Clarke.
Fed was minus 15000 in the first round.
Rafael Nadal looking for a second straight Grand Slam win not nearly as big of a favorite minus 360 against Australia Nick Kyrgios.
Those players have split six career meetings.
Kyrgios did win the last and on the womens side 11th seed Serena Williams is going to face a qualifier.
Shes a perfect 18 and O in second round matches in the All England Club and is a minus 750 favorite.
So lets take a look at some of the other notable matchups as we that catch our eye Angelique Kerber minus 950.
Hey you dont like the big juice you dont wanna lay the lumber you could always do a money line parlay and Sam Querrey with the upset is now minus 460 in his second match.
As for the couple of potential upsets in other picks lets turn it over to our Patrick McEnroe.
Expecting more beautiful weather on day four at Wimbledon and the match weve all been waiting for on the mens side in round two will be between the twotime champ Rafael Nadal and the wacky one from Australia Nick Kyrgios who can also play some serious tennis particularly on grass.
Remember a couple of years ago Kyrgios upset Nadal right here at Wimbledon on center court.
Im not expecting that to happen tomorrow.
I think Nadals ready for this having won his 12th French Open hes got some confidence.
Of course this is his least favorite surface.
The favorite surface for Kyrgios but he does not look like the player he was a couple of years ago.
I expected Nadal to maybe drop a set but probably win this one in four sets.
On the ladies side Sloane Stephens shes a number nine seed here.
Shell try to celebrate the Fourth of July with a second round win taking on Wang Yafan from China whos a solid player ranked in the high 50s in the world.
But I think Stephens despite playing on a surface which hasnt been her best over the years she looked good in round number one.
I expect her to win comfortably in straight sets.
Back to you Doug.
All right Patrick thanks so much and look its Independence Day and fire away in the morning throughout the afternoon and you got some baseball on July 4th but that is the best part about Wimbledon.
The womens soccer weve talked about action throughout the day.
You can fire away on more than 10 12 hours of second round play ESPN ESPN and always streaming live on the ESPN app.
And weve been talking a lot of pro football props doing tours of each division.
Were doing the South Divisions this week.
AFC South here with the Colts player props courtesy of Caesars.
Andrew Lucks passing touchdown total 32 12.
Hes gone over just twice in his five full seasons.
Marlon Mack needs a 1000 yard rushing season to go over his total.
The Colts have had one 1000 yard rush in the last decade that was Frank Gore in 2016.
Lets bring in now our male modelers Preston Johnson and Mike Clay who have spreadsheets and laptops in hand as we break this down.
Andrew Luck 32 TD passes.
Well start with you Mike.
What do your numbers say here?
Definitely going over on this one.
This guy is 39 passing touchdowns last season.
That was second most in the NFL behind only some guy named Patrick Mahomes you may have heard of him.
The last time we saw Andrew Luck for a full 16 game season he had 40 passing touchdowns and really the key here is opportunity.
You have a stat OTD which looks at essentially expected passing touchdowns based on your opportunity where you are on the field your volume of throws.
Luck last year topped in the NFL at 34.0.
The key throws them to the end zone.
The Colts had 50 last season.
That was most in the league.
This offense sets up for him to throw a ton of touchdowns.
All right sounds good.
Preston what do your projections have?
You guys know we do this every day and Im generally pretty married to my projections and I had Andrew Luck come in at 28 touchdowns and I couldnt believe it and theres no way Im betting under on this though.
You look at it and I agree with Mike.
Theres so much value here with Andrew Luck assuming he plays a full season.
Im not sure how he doesnt go over 32 12.
So I actually am staying off of this despite my projections pointing to an edge on the under but because I am lower on Andrew Lucks projections there are some correlated bets which well get to here in a bit which I think are safer and better as far as some of these receivers go.
I like that gut check and especially with the offensive line improving over the last couple of seasons.
His health is more likely obviously to stay intact.
T.Y.
Hilton receiving yards 1210 12.
Mike well start with you what do you got?
Well Im going over on this one for sure.
I mean you look back at the last three seasons that T.Y.
Hilton and Andrew Luck have played together in full.
Hilton has blown this nuffer away all three seasons and theres a few things in play here.
One of them is durability.
Hes missed four games in seven seasons in the league.
Hes finished top 17 in receiving yards each of the past six seasons and guys hes been in the 80th percentile or better in yards per reception each of the past five seasons.
Its Andrew Lucks goto guy.
This is a high volume pass heavy offense.
Hilton I think gets to this number easily.
All right Preston and you?
This is one where we disagree.
So Im correlated here with not really loving Andrew Lucks numbers but Hilton I have at 1140 yards.
So for me there is a slight edge to the under.
Then you actually just look at the scope of who Luck will be throwing to.
They went out of their way to bring in Devin Funchess.
They drafted Parris Campbell in the second round out of Ohio State who I thinks gonna be stellar.
Then you have Eric Ebron who played a bunch last year in tight end.
Well they have a second tight end named Jack Doyle who missed a lot of last season.
Hell be an option as well.
I have those two tight ends combined projected for over 140 targets.
So for me I think T.Y.
Hiltons total target share is going down.
I have him under 1200 yards.
So I like it at 1210 12 its a bet under for me.
All right so you guys disagree there.
I like that I like that you would disagree.
Mike lets go to you Marlon Mack will he be a 1000 yard rusher again?
Not combined just rushing yards.
Yes he will and he sort of was last year if you look at his 14 games including the playoffs.
He had a little over 1100 yards and again that was with playing a situational roll for a lot of the early part of the season.
The guy has been terrific since hes entered the league and 4.8 yards per carry last season.
You dont wanna get too wrapped up in yards per carry but hes been above averaging yards after contact per attempt in both of his NFL seasons.
Hes got a lot of help before contact last season from Quenton Nelson as well.
And heres the big one we know volume is king for running backs.
In his last five games last season he handled at least 75 of the Colts designed runs in each of those games.
The guy is working his way into becoming a twodown workhorse for this Colts offense.
I like the over a lot here.
All right so Mike youre certainly bullish on the Colts offense.
Preston you mentioned Eric Ebron just a moment ago 6 12 touchdowns for his prop.
Where are you headed with this?
This is another gut check but Im going with it.
I have projected 5.2 touchdowns.
I mentioned that Jack Doyle is back.
He should be healthier and I project him to have a good portion as a second tight end of his potential target share.
I think Devin Funchess I mean this guy is 64 240 as far as red zone opportunities go and goal line opportunities Funchess Doyle and Ebron.
Ebron outside of last year where he scored 13 touchdowns this is why its a gut check under 6 12 he never got more than five touchdowns in a season.
That was in Detroit and Matthew Staffords not inept.
So for me I just think theres so much going around here now for Luck he has so many weapons.
I gotta go under Ebron.
I dont think well see what we did last year.
And again a little technicality its total touchdowns.
So it includes a maybe an inside handoff a recovered fumble in the goal line something like that so its total touchdown.
There you go.
That changes everything.
Yeah I know.
Yeah you wanna go back to your spreadsheet and reevaluate it.
Mike thank you very much.
More to come from Preston straight ahead.
And from player props to team props Indys win total is 10 which is what they won last year.
The over plus 110 and the yes no to make the playoffs.
Yes is minus 1.75 which they sure in fact did in Frank Reichs first season with the Colts.
Lets go out to New York and bring in our Anita Marks.
Anita overunder 10 now I am passing cause I think its gonna be right there.
They have to face the NFC South really tough schedule supposed to be competitive division so I think its gonna be right around there.
So Im gonna pass what about you?
Im on the over a little bit.
Im not banking the mortgage on the over but I am putting a little money on the over for a number of reasons.
Lets talk about the schedule.
Lets take a look at the schedule actually.
I have them winning their division the AFC South.
I think they split with Houston.
I think they go two and O against Tennessee.
They could possibly go two and O against the Jaguars.
So Im looking at five and one four and three in their division easy games with all due respect to Oakland Denver and Miami.
Heres where it gets tough.
Look at their road games and the quarterbacks theyre gonna be facing you ready?
The Chargers the Chiefs the Steelers the Texans the Saints its a tough road game.
I have them going three and two on the road.
So its gonna be close but I think this team is just so good Doug that I have them at 10 11 win.
So Im putting a little money on the over.
All right sounds good thats fair.
I was definitely leaning that way but Im gonna pass.
Now as for the yes no I like the yes to make the playoffs at minus 1.75.
A little different here than the division because you could get to the playoffs and not get over 10 wins nine or 10 wins in this division could win it.
So Im gonna say I like the yes to make the playoffs at minus 1.75.
Obviously you have the bonus of the wild card but thats why Im differentiating between that and over 10 wins what about you?
Again I have them winning this division.
I love this team out of all the 22 starters of course on offense and defense they only have one guy not coming back thats amazing.
That just doesnt happen in this day and age in free agency.
On top of that they are one of the most balanced teams in the NFL first and third down conversions in 2018.
Andrew Luck when hes healthy hes a top five quarterback.
Hes got the best offensive line coming in wide receivers youve gotta love T.Y.
Hilton.
They add Devin Funchess hes gonna be a stud in the red zone.
They draft Parris Campbell hes a speedy wide receiver.
I love their onetwo punch with their tight ends.
Eric Ebron took a big step with them this year as opposed to what we saw in Detroit.
Jack Doyle hes gonna be healthy and then they add Justin Houston on the defensive side of the ball so I just I love this team.
I think theyre gonna make the playoffs.
I think they win the division Doug.
Sounds like were all very positive on the Colts.
Thats Anita Marks and shell join us later in the show to discuss the weekends PGA tournament.
Thats coming up later.
There you go.
Doug And were approaching the bottom of the hour and in these parts that means one thing Best Bets just around the corner stay tuned.
Advertiser New for summer here for summer arriving this summer its Bud Light Lemon Tea new for summer new for summer.
Music How can I find a way without Music Music Your Mexican spice Music Man Youve heard the phenomenon.
Now experience Nacho fries live from your house with Taco Bell delivery.
Im Tom from Kane 11 and I have one question for you.
What size socks do you wear?
If youre like everyone else weve asked just simply dont know how could you.
All sock companies make their socks in one size fits all or just a couple of sizes to fit every size foot.
At Kane 11 we make our socks to fit 11 individual sizes from seven to 17 thats right seven to 17.
No more heel hiking toe bunching or that towel under your toe feeling.
Kane 11 has great colors and looks to fit everyones lifestyle from crews to athletics even our perfectly designed noshows.
Your feet hold up your whole body and the better your socks fit the more comfortable youre gonna feel all day.
Thats the Kane 11 promise.
So stop compromising your comfort.
Try a pair of Kane 11 socks youll never go back to hit or miss size ranges again.
See why Esquire Mens Health and Golf Digest are all raving about us.
Go to kane11.com get 20 off your first order only available at kane11.com.
Music Walk the world with me Music Im Tracy Morgan and Im also the 2019 ESPYS where Alex Morgan is up for best female athlete.
Shes actually my first cousin on my pops side.
Us Morgs are known for having calf muscles go ahead cuzzo.
Im Tracy Morgan and Im also the 2019 ESPYS.
Everyone calls Kawhi the silent assassin.
I gave him my number and the guy wont shut up.
Im not going maple treetapping with you.
Stop calling me Kawhi.
Tell him were flexible.
Dont worry my Dutch is okay.
Just okay?
Mmhmm this man Tell him we need this merger.
Its happening.
Just okay is not okay especially when it comes to your network.
ATT is Americas best wireless network according to Americas biggest test.
Now with 5G Evolution the first step to 5G more for your thing thats our thing.
This is our moment lets get it.
Three two one here we go Peloton.
Music Aint my fault Music Music That Im out here getting loose Music Music Gotta blame it on Music Lets do this together Peloton.
Advertiser One subscription for the whole family.
Just one part of the best cardio machine on the planet Peloton.
Man Not sure you have the right credit card know which one to get?
Turn to the nerds!
Dinners on me get it?
laughs Oh.
The experts at NerdWallet make it easy to make smart money moves.
Compare and find the best credit cards for you at nerdwallet.com All right back with you recapping Best Bets.
Strong night for us on the diamond.
Astros got four runs in the seventh turned a three run deficit into a one run victory.
Plus 117 for Preston there on the Stros As hit for Joe.
My Rays Dodgers parlay got there thanks to five consecutive walks.
Hey better lucky than good.
All right so five and two for the week we are and lets keep the momentum going.
Here at the desk Stanford Steve here standing by for your best bet.
Well get that in a moment but lets go back out to Las Vegas.
Preston what do you have for your best bet?
Youre on the Tbox first.
Im going to the Summer League.
In the NBA the Grizzlies minus 2 12 against the Cavaliers who we fitted on Monday against the Spurs.
We talked about their inexperience the only guy getting run that has any pro experience is Nas Mutulong who played a total of 85 minutes for the Jazz the last two years.
On the other side this Memphis team theres a roster filled with a bunch of guys who played fairly regular minutes the last two seasons when Memphis was tanking.
Ivan Rabb Washburn Watanabe Jevon Carter these guys took total 63 points I think on Monday when they played.
They all rested yesterday.
Now Carter worth noting actually just got traded to the Suns probably wont play because they cant afford him to get injured but these other three guys combined with 34 points they have so much experience compared to the Cavs who are playing a bunch of rookies.
It doesnt impact the projection too much.
It should be more like minus five.
Were getting two 2 12 out there on the market.
So Im going with the Grizzlies.
Steve You believe in rest days in Vegas come on or was that in Salt Lake?
This ones in Salt Lake.
Steve All right a little different right.
The altitude.
Doug Yeah a little different extracurricular activity fewer distractions I would say.
Steve You would think you would think never know.
You never know.
All right so Prestons playing to his home court advantage out there in Las Vegas.
Joe what do you got for your best bet?
The San Francisco Giants at plus 120 over the San Diego Padres as they look for the sweep tonight.
The Giant bats have come alive as of late.
Three straight wins all of which featured 10 or more runs.
Now tonight the Padres who ranked 19th in OPS are gonna face Giant righthander Shaun Anderson.
Anderson has been the most consistent pitcher for the Giants this season.
A lot of people may think thats Madison Bumgarner but Bumgarners been up and down through the months.
Andersons made nine starts giving up two or fewer runs in six of those starts.
Go back to June 12th he faces Padre lineup four hits two were in runs in six innings pitched.
Hes gonna take the mound for the Giants which is the big edge here.
I think hes extremely undervalued at this point in the season.
For the Padres its gonna be the youngster Cal Quantrill the righty pitching against San Francisco.
Hes coming out of the bullpen to make his first start in a few weeks six starts this season.
Hes got an ERA north of five 18 earned runs in just 31 innings pitched.
So I like the Giants to get the sweep tonight and then theyre off tomorrow first time off on July 4th since 1941.
Giants plus 120 you can book it.
All right and the Giants bats have been hot a little bit in San Diego.
So we got Preston in Vegas picking a Summer League game.
Yeah Grizzlies Giants parlay.
So Joe in the Bay Area taking the Giants.
Are you going the tristate area for yours?
Absolutely.
All right staying true to form here.
The Mets arent gonna win the season series from the almighty Yankees.
Yes.
First time since 2013 thats not gonna happen.
No sir.
Lemans back on the mound for the Yankees take the Yankees.
Vargas throwing well lately no.
Really.
All right so youre sticking to the home team so to speak Preston.
Im going with my team and where Im gonna be this holiday weekend Im going with the Dodgers.
Look I got lucky last night first one to admit it.
Lucky!
Beyond lucky.
I dont wanna hear about you with bad beats anymore ever again.
Walker Buehler think about this an eight start stretch an ERA of 1.64 eight starts then got touched up the last one.
That was at Coors Field lets throw that out.
Throw out Coors Field.
Throw it out.
And the Dodgers are hot amazing health record.
Yeah thanks to five straight walks with two outs.
Well were gonna need to cover a run and a half.
Which has never been done before.
Were gonna hope to not to get to the bottom of the ninth.
We need a little breathing room.
You need a homer then.
But I dont think that Buehlers gonna give up much.
I think this one gets away from the Dbacks and who knows.
Locker room demoralized after that?
All right.
Im hoping certainly shaky.
Ill lay the 1 12 minus 120.
I couldnt find any obscene money lines to parlay with the Dodgers straight up so.
All right well just lay the run and a half and try to stay hot this week.
Steves laying the 1.38 as well.
All of us are playing to our home teams I love it.
Joes plus money with the Giants and the Grizzlies for Preston out there laying tuna.
A lot of scouting for Preston I love it.
Steve I know see him Monday.
Gold Cup Semifinals tonight mens soccer for the Americans as they face Jamaica.
Remember they met last Gold Cup Final in 2017 two one victory for the Americans.
Three way betting U.S.is 190 minus 1.90 to win in regulation in the draw plus 275 and Jamaica obviously a huge underdog with the overunder at 2 12 and the under is minus 1.90.
For more lets go out to Nashville ahead of tonights game and bring in ESPN FC reporter Jeff Carlisle.
Jeff appreciate the taking the time.
U.S.favorite as you very well know but lets go back about a month ago where they lost a friendly to Jamaica onenil.
How does the team tonight compare to the one that lost that game?
Well its gonna be a very different team that takes the field for the Unites States tonight.
I count at least seven different players will be in the starting lineup possibly eight and those are key players as well key attacking players when youre talking about Christian Pulisic Weston McKennie.
The Ford is either gonna be Gyasi Zardes or Jozy Altidore.
None of those players play in that game.
Then youve got the guy providing the shield in front of the defense Michael Bradley.
Hes gonna be a key player for the U.S.tonight.
Hes gonna have to play very well be very mobile and so obviously its gonna be a very different team for the U.S.that takes the field.
Contrast that with Jamaica I counted seven players that took the field in the quarter final against Panama that were also on the field that night in Washington D.C.when they played that friendly against the U.S.
So Jamaicas gonna have a few new faces the U.S.is gonna have a lot of new faces.
All right and the overunders 2 12?
How much scoring do you expect?
I dont expect a whole lot of scoring tonight.
Jamaica has only conceded two goals in the entire tournament.
The United States has kept a clean sheet in every one of their Gold Cup games.
Their defense has been very stout that the back line has been very consistent.
Theyve been tested I mean Curacao in the quarter finals was definitely a team that tested the U.S.with possession.
They had some good chances as well and Zack Steffen in goal has been very very good.
So on the other hand youve got Andre Blake whos a goal keeper that MLS fans are very familiar with.
He plays for the Philadelphia Union.
Hes also been very good and came up big a couple of times in the quarter final win over Panama.
So I dont expect a whole lot of scoring tonight.
I expect it to be a very tight semifinal like we saw last night with Mexico and Haiti.
So again 2 12 goals seems like a lot to me so I expect it to be a onenil affair for sure.
In favor of who?
The United States I would agree that the United States are slight favorites but again Jamaicas played them very tough and Jamaicas gone deep in this tournament the last two additions.
Theyve made the final two times so when it comes to the Gold Cup Jamaicas a very difficult team to break down so.
But I look at the I see the U.S.getting through tonight.
All right sounds good.
Thats ESPN FC reporter Jeff Carlisle joining us from Nashville ahead of tonights Gold Cup semifinal thank you Jeff.
Youre welcome.
Doug And were continuing to cover a wide range of sports.
Coming up next the number one golfer in the world Brooks Koepka is your favorite at the 3M Open and well tell you why hes not the best bet.
Plus Joey Chestnut a heavy favorite at the Hot Dog Eating Contest but our expert will tell you why weather could be a big factor in the overunder of hotdogs eating thats next.
My insurance rates are probably gonna double.
But dad youve got Allstate.
With accident forgiveness they guarantee your rates wont go up just because of an accident.
Smart kid.
Indeed.
Are you in good hands?
Announcer Lower carbs lower calories higher expectations the light beer youve been waiting for has arrived Corona Premier.
Music Summer nights Music Music Keeping me up Music Music I wanna waste time Music Music Just looking at the sky Music Music For the stars Music Music Mind wandering far Music Music Like my 16 Music Music Dreaming in the dark Music Music Love the wind in my hair Music Music As I drive my car Music Music And make me feel free Music Announcer Now get exceptional offers at the Infiniti Plus Summer Sales Event.
Announcer Its time for our lowest prices of the season on the sleep number 360 smart bed.
It senses your movement and automatically adjusts to keep you both comfortable.
The queen sleep number 360 C4 smart bed now 1299 plus free premium delivery when you add a base ends Sunday.
Woman Look make a wish.
I wish for a Biggie Bag from Wendys.
I wish everyone loved each other and was allThat was a great wish Jimmy.
Advertiser Get a Bacon Double Stack with a quarter pound of fresh beef nuggets fries and a drink for just five bucks.
Wendys Biggie Bag is everything you could wish for.
Announcer Built by champions and contenders built towards the future on the foundation of our past built to defy expectations and challenge convention built by those who came before and everyone to come get your tickets today to witness the 2019 U.S.Open built for glory.
Coach its kinda hard to see the ball.
Ive been there.
I had a TV service with hardly any sports in 4K couldnt see any of the quality details.
I switched to DirecTV now I get the most live sports in 4K.
So how does that help me?
But really it doesnt I dont know why I told you that.
Go get em sport!
Advertiser Live sports that arent in 4K are just kinda TV.
Dont just kinda TV DirecTV.
Dont have 4K call 1855watch4K and ask for it today.
Announcer When buying a car we know there are a lot of questions.
Whats the mileage?
How many previous owners?
Does the dealer have good reviews?
Does it include a navigation system?
Announcer We all know the most important question is alwaysAm I getting a good deal?
Am I getting a good deal?
Am I getting a good deal?
CarGurus has the answer.
Only CarGurus gives every car a deal rating from great to overpriced and sorts the best ones first making it fast and easy to find great deals from top rated dealers near you.
Find your great deal today at CarGurus.
Time now for Daily Diamond Dogs and the best part is the dog we get to feature.
This is Baxter who is a service dog here at ESPN works with our audio engineer Tyler.
Baxter as you can see certainly in charge and hes now responsible for hitting the bleep button whenever I lose a bet on set.
So Baxter is profiled as we take a look at the biggest underdogs of the night and the biggest one is actually a home team.
The Blue Jays in Toronto facing Chris Sale and the Red Sox.
Dbacks above 200 on the comeback face and the Dodgers and Walker Buehler as I noted earlier and the Marlins did close around plus 240 against the Mets but first pitch already underway at 605.
Joe Fortenbaugh back with me.
Whats your Diamond Dog tonight Joe?
All right Doug limited options tonight and there is no way I wanna get in front of the Walker Buehler train.
So were gonna fade Chris Sale and the Red Sox.
Give me Toronto plus 240.
Chris Sale broke from the gate in sluggish fashion this season.
A lot of people wondering what went wrong settled down and was outstanding.
Now as of late a bit iffy not terrible but a bit iffy.
Last restarts hes given up 10 earned runs over 17 innings pitched.
Again not terrible but maybe theres something there we can take advantage of in this situation.
One of those starts was at Fenway against Toronto gave up a few runs didnt exactly work that deep into the game.
So this may be a spot where you can take advantage of Chris Sale who by the way this is the worst hard hit percentage of his entire career and his fastballs down about a full mile an hour over his results from last season so not the guy we saw last season still a very good pitcher.
Boston has lost five of eight so this could be a nice little opportunity here to back the dog at plus 240.
Yeah I cant fault you there given the price there on the dog.
Im gonna go with The Royals plus 145 a little bit of a force we usually has to go higher.
In two starts since returning from injury Mike Clevinger has allowed 12 runs.
It sure looks like he returned too quickly from that back injury.
Something just doesnt seem right so Ill take the Royals at home plus the juice there.
And by the way if you wanna send in pics of your dog we will profile them every time we do this segment which isnt necessarily every day just tweet me DougESPN.
Joe will be back momentarily but one final look at Baxter in charge how awesome!
PGA Tour heading to Minnesota for the inaugural 3M Open at TPC Twin Cities.
No surprise Brooks Koepka your favorite at eight to one.
The only player with single digit odds.
Thats followed by Jason Day and Hideki Matsuyama 11 to one a piece Bryson DeChambeau at 15 to one.
Not posted here is lefty Phil Mickelson at 40 to one.
Lets welcome back Anita Marks here to talk a little golf given it is a Wednesday.
She appears here on the show every Wednesday.
Of the favorites Anita which one grabs your attention?
Im going with Hideki quick note here 27 water hazards 74 bunkers thats what these guys are gonna be facing.
And Hideki has been coming in red hot this season.
This is a guy who has not missed a cut Doug not one all season long.
Hes in great form hes red hot with his irons and each and every week we talk about the analytics thats going to play well on this course.
Birdie average he ranks 10th on tour par five scoring he ranks 25th and also strokes gained teetogreen he ranks fourth on tour so hes up there top 25 in this category.
Hes gonna do exceptionally well.
I like him Im putting some hard earned money on him.
Yeah you liked him last week did well T13 finished up there.
Whats another golfer that you think kinda grabs your attention in terms of value?
Lets go to Patrick Reed and hes coming in tied for fifth last week so hes coming in hot and hes coming in with a lot of confidence and when you look at what hes been able to do the history in Minnesota.
Lets go back to the 2016 Ryder Cup where he got that name Captain America because he took worry to the limit.
His putting is a lot better and each and every week we like to talk about the grass.
Its bent grass this week so the greens arent gonna be as difficult as some of these guys have seen in previous weeks so I like Patrick Reed.
All right sounds good cant let you get out of here without a DFS lineup advice fire away here.
You got it as always the two guys that I first talk about my long my short odds.
I like to play them in DFS as well.
So Im going with Hideki and Patrick.
Who am I gonna round it out with DeChambeau fifth in birdie average and par five scoring.
His putting is finally coming back and he does extremely well with generous fairways and thats what hes gonna see starting tomorrow.
Niemann back to back top fives why?
He has a new putting practice that hes been practicing with and its really been helping him.
Also 31st strokes gained teetogreen.
Homa this is another guy who just makes every cut 48th par five scoring and heres the thing three par fives 593 yards 596 yards theres some long par fives.
And Redman is coming in red hot as well second last week with 19 under on the tournament.
This is his third PGA start and this very well could be if he wins this very well could be the fourth straight week on the PGA Tour that we have these really surprising great winners so Im always about that.
I love the underdog I love the unexpected so Im really really really cheering for Redman.
All right sounds good.
Anita thanks for the insight enjoy your holiday and youll be back obviously on the show on Friday.
Yes Ill be in for you Doug so hopefully you have a great weekend.
Doug Oh I will hit the road.
And straight ahead on this show though the greatest emcee in sports George Shea will break down tomorrows Hot Dog Eating Contest.
And to me thats the greatest honor of this sport is to be able to introduce Joey Chestnut because to me he is America itself to me he is freedom he is the essence of who we are.
What about him?
Music I know Music Lets do it.
Music These winding roads Music Music Will lead me home Music Music To you Music Music And Ill go Music Woman Come on!
Advertiser This summer add a new member to the family.
Hurry into the MercedesBenz Summer Event today for exceptional offers.
Lease the GLC 300 SUV for just 419 a month through MercedesBenz Summer Event going on now.
Announcer You wanna stay cool when youre feeling hot but running your air conditioner all day costs a lot.
Fans are bulky and just blow hot air in your face.
There has to be a better way to cool down your place.
Introducing Arctic Air the personal space cooler that turns hot spaces into cool refreshing places for just pennies a day whether you wanna cool off in a hot kitchen or stay nice and comfy watching TV Arctic Air lets you create your own personal comfort zone.
Just add water and press the button.
Then relax and enjoy the cooling breeze.
Look portable air conditioners take up so much space and have to vent out a window but Arctic Air is self contained and light weight.
So now you can have cool clean air anywhere.
Even the intense heat of this blow dryer reads at 96 degrees but with Arctic Air its a comfortable 72.
The secret is hydrochill technology that uses an evaporative air cooling filter that pulls in hot air and instantly transforms it into cool refreshing air with three adjustable speed settings you have precise control and the whisper quiet fan circulates the air up to eight hours on just one filling.
And theres even a soothing night light.
What a great way to cool off your bedroom without air conditioning your entire home.
Arctic Air also purifies and humidifies your air so its better for you and your family.
Plus you can even beat the heat outdoors and enjoy a cool refreshing breeze even on the hottest day.
You could pay up to 180 for a similar product but call now and youll get the Arctic Air for just two payments of 19.99.
But wait call right now and well double the offer free just pay a separate fee and every order today gets free shipping.
Now everyone in your family can stay cool and comfortable with the Arctic Air.
Thats right you get two Arctic Airs plus free shipping for just two payments of 19.99.
Announcer To order call 18006101314 or go online at buyarcticair.com dont delay call 18006101314 or go online at buyarcticair.com order now.
Bro!
I got this.
Bro.
Bro!
Bros.Bro.
Bro.
All Bro!
Bro!
Bro.
Oh bro.
Bro!
Men Bro.
Later bromies.
Bros.Bro!
Advertiser Stuber in theaters July 12th.
The ESPYS Auction is where you can bid on once in a lifetime experiences like a private meet and greet with J Lo or Dana White appear in a Vista Sports Center commercial pitch Mark Cuban over lunch or join me on the set of SportsCenter.
That should be like a million dollars.
So bid now at ebay.comESPN.
Doug The championship is set for the Womens World Cup.
Obviously the Americans advanced today.
Netherlands gets a go in the 99th minute onenil.
So that is your showdown and Caesars just posting these odds the Americans minus 475 to hoist the trophy.
Now three way betting will be out later but just to win no matter when it occurs.
U.S. nearly a five to one favorite over Netherlands so that is Sunday.
Lets get ready for tomorrow.
It is a staple on our Independence Day the Nathans Hot Dog Eating Contest.
And here is George Shea.
Through meditation he learned that his spirit animal is a bologna sandwich.
He has the body of Adonis but the eating habits of Homer Simpson.
Doh!
He is not as they say book smart.
In fact if you ask him to name a country in Central America he will say Kansas?
The difficulty in his marriage began after he named his children Mild Medium and Hot.
His good cholesterol is low his bad cholesterol is high and his BMI is borderline presidential.
When we are young we drink our coffee with milk and sugar and as we age we drink it with milk only.
Then we drink it black then we drink it decaf then we die.
Our next eatery is at decaf.
It is an honor to all those now living to behold this man.
He is the fortress at the center of our nation.
Of one nation under God!
Indivisible he is champion Joey Chestnut!
Were now pleased to welcome in the voice and the biggest personality of the July 4th Hot Dog Eating Contest George Shea.
George thanks so much for taking the time.
Oh thank you for having me.
All right lets talk about it.
Look youve been with this event for three decades.
You are an expert of all experts so lets get into it.
Joey Chestnut he is synonymous here a record 11 Mustard Belts.
Is there any chance he does not win this event?
Oh I think theres absolutely a chance he doesnt win but I think the odds would be extremely low.
Not only is he dominant in the sport 74 hot dogs and buns last year in 10 minutes but on top of that I saw him today.
He looks absolutely in top form hes very trim very fit.
He seems very healthy and rested and confident so I think hes gonna be coming in strong.
But at any time he could be beaten and there are a couple guys Geoff Esper and Matt Stonie who could take him down.
Talk more about those two contenders if you will.
What makes them whats the path to their success and beating Joey Chestnut?
Well both of them have enormous capacity and Geoffrey Esper actually has beaten Joey Chestnut if Im correct two times in the last three weeks.
He got him in Hostess Donettes and he got him in chicken wings hes a monster.
Hes a relative rookie second third year on the circuit.
I think he gets a little bit of the jitters going into the big contest on the Fourth of July.
He ate 51 hot dogs to qualify.
Keep in mind the qualifying hot dogs are harder to eat so you really have to think of him up at a 60 mark or so.
Then theres also Matt Stonie hes really an internet star now a YouTube star eight million followers on YouTube.
He does a bunch of challenges enormous capacity enormous capacity but often people have said he doesnt prepare for the contest and get ready.
Theres a rumor our there and I cant vouch for it but hes really gunning for Joey this year and he could bring some heat.
Okay a couple of things to digest forgive the pun.
Qualifying hot dogs are harder to eat why is that?
Well if you think of it youre at Nathans youre at the sort of the mecca of hot dogs and theyre cooked perfectly cooked on the griddle.
And theyre cooked to come off of the griddle about 10 or 15 minutes prior to the contest.
So theyre the perfect temperature theyre warm theyre not cold theyre not hot.
When youre out on the circuit you might be at a festival you might be at a ballpark but bringing the hot dogs in in warmers.
Theyve been cooked a half an hour an hour before.
Sometimes theyre not fully griddled.
Theyre just cooked or theyre steamed but theyre not grilled as they would be at Coney Island and as a result theyre more difficult to eat or it takes longer to eat those dogs.
All right fascinating stuff on that fact.
As you mentioned earlier Chestnut ate 74 hot dogs last year.
Do you see him hitting that mark or going past it this year as well?
Well you know I absolutely think hell be around there.
There have been times when things drop off it could be the temperature of the day it could be literally the humidity.
Actually when you have a very very dry day it can dry out the buns.
So even if theyre only out there for five or 10 minutes they have a different consistency.
The hot dogs can tighten up more in the sun.
So the temperature could play a role.
So lets talk about the womens side.
Micki Sudo going for a sixth straight Mustard Belt.
What are the chances in your eyes she does not make it six straight?
I think theyre low the chances that she does not win but there could be more variability in her performance on that.
So I do think its possible that Juliet Lee or Michelle Lesco could make a real run at her.
The whole spectacle is awesome.
Im looking forward to watching it on July 4th.
And George it was an honor to have you here and Im looking forward to watching your performance as well.
Thank you for taking the time.
Thank you thank you for having me.
And on that note we go to Prop Culture to wrap up the show.
Joe Fortenbaugh joins me now and Joe look total of hot dogs on the mens division 73 12 and this is interesting I love what emcee George Shea just said about Matt Stonie who hes hearing grumblings that hes going to really bring it this year in his of course enormous capacity.
Ive been tracking this stuff for a long time when I worked in Las Vegas.
I got to do a live shot downtown with the one and only Joey Chestnut and the one and only Kobayashi.
They were talking trash to one another a lot of fun.
Im no expert but Im saying under 73 12 if I had to Joe.
Doug let me start by congratulating you on a tremendous interview Shades of David Frost and Richard Nixon no doubt.
Now Im going over 73 12 hot dogs and I got Joey Chestnut winning this thing.
Doug Joey Chestnut lives here in the Bay Area where I live.
The land of kale the land of avocado toast soda taxes.
If you even think about having a cheeseburger they wanna cast you out into the Pacific Ocean.
Beautiful area no doubt but they are not too fond of noshing 73 12 hot dogs in 10 minutes.
Thats not how people do things here and yet Joey Chestnut rises every day in the face of that adversity and he takes on his detractors.
Lets go back to 2015 when he lost to Matt Stonie 62 to 60.
Came back the next year to set a record with 70 hot dogs came back the following year to set a record with 72 hot dogs and then came back last year to set another record with 74 hot dogs.
This guy is not worried about his competition.
Hes worried about history and he has stated that his goal is to knock down 80 hot dogs in a single sitting.
Doug I say to you God bless Joey Chestnut God bless America.
chuckles And weather on your side Joe because its gonna be a humid day and George Shea was just saying that that lends itself to the over because the buns wont dry out but then I didnt think of asking him a lot of the competitors dip the buns in the water so Im a little confused.
I have certain thresholds for expertise on the Hot Dog Eating Contest but I do know this I will be watching and this isnt like those other sports like football and basketball where you only have to watch the last few minutes.
You have to watch the beginning because of George Shea and all the introductions and the pomp and circumstance as well.
So Joe we appreciate it.
I know who youre rooting for here your home town guy and more importantly happy Fourth of July and enjoy your holiday my friend.
And recapping our Best Bets Preston in Vegas Summer League Grizzlies minus 2 12.
Joes on the underdog Giants plus 1.20.
Stanford Steve laying the 1.38 with the Yanks trying to bounce back in the Subway Series and Ill lay the run and a half with the red hot Dodgers.