
We heard Adrian talk about it theres no interest.
When theres no interest guess what kind of deals available to you the minimum exception.
So we might as well put all 30 teams in.
Right no thats very interesting.
Well were gonna have to see.
We might know more by tonight right?
Could know about Kawhi by tonight.
Could know about Boogie by tonight.
Come hang out with us 700 eastern on ESPN.
Until then watch your phones cause its free agency.
Lots going on.
Come on US team lets do it!
Wendi Coming up on this Tuesday edition of NFL Live JuJu SmithSchuster joins us.
Hell talk about taking over as Steelers top receiver and what his relationship with Antonio Brown looks like now.
We highlight some of the NFL stars that are nominated for ESPYS including a look back at Drew Breess recordbreaking Monday Night Football performance.
Plus we hand out our own award for the player with the best highlights Patrick Mahomes Saquon or Kyler in the running.
Who will be crowned your Highlight King?
Happy to have you with us on this Tuesday afternoon holiday week.
Wendi Nix Dianna Russini Victor Cruz and Mike Tannenbaum.
We will start with news regarding Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott.
Zeke is once again headed to the Commissioners office.
The Dallas Cowboys running back expected to meet with the Commissioner Roger Goodell today in New York City regarding a May incident in Las Vegas.
The meeting comes after an incident at a Las Vegas music festival in May in which Elliott had a confrontation of sorts with a security guard.
He was briefly detained but never arrested or charged in the incident.
Nevertheless the commissioner wants to hear him out.
Hear what happened.
Dianna what more can you tell us?
Oh at this point right now we dont know what exactly is going on in that meeting.
But they are meeting in Manhattan to discuss Zekes behavior in that Las Vegas incident.
Jerry Jones of course has stood by his running back saying that he doesnt see anything wrong with what he saw on video tape.
Again Zeke was in those handcuffs and then those handcuffs were removed he was not charged.
He could still face punishment if Goodell decides that he violated the Leagues personal conduct policy.
Thats what this meeting is to discuss.
But as of now we are not sure what the future holds but those that Ive spoken to with the Cowboys organization strongly feel confident that Zeke will not face a suspension because of this incident.
Mike as a GM I know you have players who have had face to face meetings with the Commissioner who had hearings or due diligence if you will.
Whats your take on the process?
Despite how the Cowboys are feeling a suspension certainly is in play.
We have to remember under the personal conduct policy a player can be suspended even though there may not be criminal charges.
And the fact that Ezekiel Elliott is meeting in person with the Commissioner signals to me that a suspension albeit one game two games could be in play here and he was sent to New York for a reason.
So well see how it plays out in the coming days.
But his prior behavior will certainly be a factor in their assessment.
Well lets shift gears to between the lines.
Victor how important is the run game to this current Dallas Cowboys team?
Its huge especially Ezekiel Elliott right?
Hes been the focal point of that offense especially from the running back perspective year in and year out.
Things he can do with the ball in his hands whether out in space or just handing him the football behind that fantastic offensive line.
I mean he is in my opinion the heartbeat of that offense.
Obviously Dak is the leader but Ezekiel is the one that makes them go.
As he does well then youve got the play action pass and everything complements the attributes of Ezekiel Elliott.
So obviously if hes there to miss any significant amount of time the Cowboys will be looking to replace those statistics and those numbers that he puts up week in and week out in a different way.
Mike Yeah and Vic you just hit the nail on the head.
When you look at Dak Prescott his pass rating goes from 97 to 122 play action compared to traditional drop back.
So you could see the importance of the running game.
Ezekiel Elliott and obviously opposing defenses are focusing in on stopping Ezekiel Elliott.
Thats a very impactful in terms of his impact on Prescotts production to go from 97 to 122 thats a huge jump in terms of his play action productivity.
A huge jump and well talk about Daks deal and when it may get done but Id be interested to see how all of you feel like this Dallas Cowboys team stacks up in the division.
I think theyre right there at the top.
I think theyre competing obviously them and Philadelphia right there neck and neck.
Gonna be battling it out throughout the season.
But I think theyve got all the tools.
When you look at them defensively from the defensive line all the way back to the secondary theyre loaded at each position.
And then offensively like we just talked about Dak Prescott Ezekiel Elliott Amari Cooper Randall Cobb Jason I could go on for days with this.
But they have all the talent.
Mike All the receivers.
Victor Exactly they got all of the talent and not to mentionWendi They have a new offensive coordinator whichVictor Kellen Moore obviously.
Which obviously comes from college and doing those different things.
So hell provide some creativity that we probably havent seen.
Some different type of plays that we havent seen necessarily from the Dallas Cowboys.
Youre not going with the Eagles youre going with the Dallas Cowboys to win that division?
Yes unfortunately nobody in New York kill me please.
But Im going with the Cowboys.
Thats right dont that was Victor.
When does Daks deal get done?
Do we see that done before the start of the season?
I think that deal will get done before the start of the season.
In fact even just talking to people in the Cowboys organization about the timing of it its funny cause just a few months ago the way it was being explained to me was it was gonna be a while it wasnt gonna get done.
And now it seems that Im not sure where the pressures coming from.
I dont know why theyre feeling the pressure but in terms of trying to get that done it seems that thats gonna be a priority for Dallas.
You know the pressure really comes from what Dak Prescotts draft day disappointment was is now becoming the reality of a free agent opportunity.
Because he was not a first round pick which was a disappointment.
But hes now in the final year of his rookie contract.
So unlike guys like Jared Goff and Carson Wentz who had the additional fifth year he could get to the market and he may not be a perfect player Im a believer in Dak Prescott.
Not cause only what he can do from a passing standpoint but the plays he makes with his legs.
If he made it to the open market the way Kirk Cousins did a couple years ago hard to say what he could get.
And I know people could say well he could certainly get franchised but I could tell you from an organization standpoint when you use the franchise tag the last position you wanna use it on is the quarterback.
Because when you have a franchise tag that means that the player doesnt have to be there for the offseason program doesnt have to be there for training camp.
He could come in the Tuesday before opening day sign the tag get paid for the whole season and it really puts the whole offense and all those reps that you dont have together Vic.
So its really a situation where the sense of urgency Dianna in my mind its coming from the fact that this player is 16 games away from becoming a free agent.
And then that quarterback also feels that pressure.
And they dont ever really feel like they belong.
Do you remember with the Kirk Cousins situation in Washington?
He was always out there proving and proving and proving.
I remember talking to him about it.
You could tell it was wearing on him because it was like the Washington Redskins organization they were just looking to date and date and date and he was looking for a ring.
He wanted to get married and he wanted to feel that love.
And he never did.
For the Cowboys to put that on Dak that may not work out for them if they wanna make that work.
You know what hes married to money.
A lot of money I am not crying for Kirk Cousins.
But it is a point well made.
All right anyway circling back to where we started.
That is Zeke Elliott the Cowboys certainly hoping that he will not miss any time.
A video shows Browns running back Kareem Hunt being questioned by police after an apparent incident Saturday night.
This was at a Cleveland bar.
The video published by TMZ Sports.
It shows Hunt speaking with a number of officers.
He was not arrested they did not make a police report regard the incident.
This according to a spokesperson to Cleveland.com.
Still to come on NFL Live Steelers star wide receiver SmithSchuster he of JuJu joins us from across the pond in London.
Find out what hes been up to during the offseason.
And the story of high school football coach born with one of the rarest conditions in the world.
Rob Mendez Theres definitely doubters out there like parents yeah my son is getting coached at quarterback from a guy that has no legs.
That lights a fire under my butt and probably gets me excited to really just try to prove people wrong about it.
Commentator Double fault by Crawford gives the title to Perry sixthree.
Announcer Lift off we have lift off.
Second Announcer Saturated colors now means Wimbledon can be seen in all its glory.
Commentator Have gone back to the champions of champions.
Commentator Its a Wimbledon moment.
Male Radio Announcer Roger Federer really is the glory.
Female Radio Announcer Mars rover has landed.
Commentator It is sensational.
Second Commentator The waiting is over.
Third Commentator And another golden moment from Wimbledon.
Male Speaker Hello?
Woman Speaker Wendy here from the New York Times.
Male Speaker Hey you see this?
Music Hello Music Male Speaker Flaming hot nacho?
They made the original hot hot hot?
Music Hello Music Music Shake up my hot flamers and mix em with Doritos Music Music Why all the people in my face Music Music Wanna be my ace wanna be my amigo Music Music Hello Music Music Talkin bout how far back we go Music Music Way way back Music Music I dont care about that Music Music I aint sharin my snacks Music I made this for you.
Wonderful.
Music Hello Music Singer Now its hot.
Mother Look make a wish.
I wish for a Biggie Bag from Wendys.
I wish everyone loved each other and was allThat was a great with Jimmy.
Announcer Get a bacon double stack with a quarter pound of fresh beef nuggets fries and drink for just five bucks.
Wendys Biggie Bag is everything you could wish for.
Music Summer nights Music Music Keepin me up Music Music I wanna waste time Music Music Just looking up at the sky Music Music Full of stars Music Music Mind wanderin far Music Music Like were 16 Music Music Dreamin in the dark Music Music Love the wind in my hair Music Music As I drive my car Music Music It makes me feel free Music Ad Announcer Now get exceptional offers at the Infiniti plus summer sales event.
Ad Announcer In every trip theres room for more than just the business you came for.
Whether thats taking in every moment or capturing the moment worth bringing back.
Thats room for possibility.
So I can buy from Enterprise car sales and youll take any trade in?
Thats right.
Great.
There you go.
Well it does need to be a vehicle.
But I need this out of my house.
With fair transparent value for every tradein.
Enterprise makes it easy.
Ad Announcer Tecate bold on the outside.
Light on the inside.
Yes?
We were all shocked that the Odellicatessens first pick of the fantasy draft would be a rookie.
Who shaped your strategy?
Male Interviewee At this timeIll take this one Lindsey his mom.
Rollin with Mahomies.
Im sorry my lawyer says I cant speak at this moment so.
Honey Funches of Oats is there any connection between your attire and your record last season?
Oh no.
Ad Announcer Do you take your fantasy draft as seriously as we do?
Prove it for the chance to have Commissioner Goodell host your leagues draft live at NFL headquarters.
Show Announcer NFL Live is brought to you by Nutro wholesome essentials pet foods.
Nutro feed the clean.
And Geico.
15 minutes could save you 15 percent or more on car insurance.
Wendi Press coverage now from our own Dan Graziano.
Sources according to Dan CBA thats collective bargaining agreement talks between the NFL and the players association are expected to intensify this summer in an effort to get a new deal done by the start of the 2019 season.
Three to four negotiating sessions possible in the month of July alone.
Former Packers wide receiver Randall Cobb signed by the Cowboys in free agency teamed up with Aaron Rodgers for over 5000 receiving yards after being drafted by the Pack in 2011.
He will face his former team week five in Dallas.
He had to say this about moving on from Green Bay.
Its like the exgirlfriend that broke up with you.
When you see her five years later you hope youre in a better situation than you were before.
Married with kids and youre able to say Yeah I did better without you.
You know what hes right.
No body says that but thats how everybody feels.
Yeah but not every breakup has to be contentious.
It doesnt matter.
I dont care if its the best breakup ever you dont wanna be like oh life wasnt so great.
Youre winning Im not.
You wanna win sorry it just is what it is.
OK anyway that got us thinking five years from now whos better off?
OK we saw a number of NFL breakups if you will.
So again five year mark.
Randall Cobb or the Green Bay Packers whos better off?
Im going with Randall Cobb.
I think hes joining a team in the Cowboys thats a younger team.
I think theyre an overall better team right now than the Green Bay Packers.
But I think in five years hell be in the playoffs a couple times.
Hes obviously in the mix of that wide receiving core.
Hes gonna be a focal point in that slot position.
Thats an important position now a days in the NFL.
And I think overall hell just be better.
Dak Prescott hes got a younger quarterback.
I think thatll serve him better.
Obviously giving that longevity and be there for a couple years.
He can built that comradery and that continuity with Dak which will serve him better five years from now.
All right hes not gonna miss Aaron Rodgers at all no.
Theyre a better overall team.
Again five years we dont know a lot can happen.
Theyre younger.
All right listen in my opinion no more notable breakup than that one between Odell Beckham Jr and the New York Giants.
This ones easy if you talk about now but were talking about five years from now.
Dianna whos better off?
Im gonna go Odell Beckham Jr is gonna be in a much better position.
Well first of all he got paid.
He got tons of money and he has opportunity to make more money.
Price of living in Cleveland is lower taxes are lower.
So from a personal financial standpoint Odell Beckham Jr is winning big time.
But when it comes to football theres no quarterback that I believe has more potential to be one of the greatest than I believe in what Baker Mayfield could do.
In terms of the continuity and the team that theyre building in Cleveland compared to what theyre doing in New York.
Were not sure whats gonna happen to Pat Shurmur if hes gonna be there.
You have to feel like he could be on the hot seat this year if it doesnt work.
It seems that Cleveland is a much better off space for Odell Beckham Jr so I think hes gonna look back and go you know what that was good.
That was good.
Whats interesting is the Giants had a couple of breakups.
Also Landon Collins whos better off in five years?
Yeah Im gonna go the other way here Dianna.
Im gonna go with the New York Giants.
Dave Gettleman and that front office.
When we look at what theyve already done to replace Landon Collins.
They acquired Antoine Bethea in free agency and Jabrill Peppers that was part of the trade that send Odell Beckham JrWendi First rounder yep.
Mike To Cleveland.
And although Collins is a good player I thought he was more productive closer to the line of scrimmage.
I think when you look at the way Peppers plays he can replace him.
Hes younger more athletic and less expensive.
So Wendi its not five years we know right now.
Were better off without Landon.
Wow all right fair enough noted.
You know I said there was no bigger breakup.
As soon as I said that I thought about AB and the Steelers.
Im gonna retract that.
But anyway Antonio Brown and the Steelers.
This one I think is tricky.
Cause again were five seasons out whos better off?
Im going with the Steelers here.
I really feel like the Steelers organization as a whole theyre gonna turn the page fully from the Antonio Brown drama.
Theyre gonna be looking to JuJu hes gonna be tenured.
Hes gonna be a true veteran leader on that team.
Understand who he is.
Big Ben who knows how many years he has left but with that body frame and if he takes care of himself he can still be there five years from now playing at a high level.
But these guys are ready to play.
I think as a team as a perspective once they get rid of the drama and get rid of the negativity that was surrounding the team with LeVeon Bell and all of these things I think five years from now this team will be better Ben Roethlisberger will be relaxed and the team will be good to go.
All right perfect segue.
How about LeVeon Bell and the Pittsburgh Steelers?
Well I think we saw a little bit of a sneak preview last year right?
Bell was a Steeler but he really wasnt.
Not really.
So were gonna go with the Pittsburgh Steelers and obviously were talking about James Conner who filled in last year for LeVeon Bell.
We have another year with him now in the offseason program and I think really where were gonna miss Bell guys isnt as a rusher but as a receiver.
But James Conner is a really good running back.
Hes productive between the tackles hes a good pass protector and again another year of growing into the job I think Pittsburgh year in and year out does a great job of letting guys move on.
I think that replacing Bell I agree with Victor and I think replace AB I think theyre gonna replace Bell very well with James Conner.
I do think that team has sort of rallied around these departures thats now.
Well see where they are in a few seasons.
This last one I dont even think you can count it as a breakup Im not sure they even really dated.
I dont know they went out.
It was a hookup.
It was a hookup Josh Rosen and the Cardinals.
I think Josh Rosen is gonna be better off.
Look this kid had the weight of the world on his shoulders.
He was a top draft pick he was supposed to be the savior.
The answer to the Arizona Cardinals organization.
Of course that didnt work out so here he is in Miami now.
The pressures really off.
Hes got a new head coach here.
Theyre gonna be running a New England system.
By the way if you run the New England offensive system you gotta be a smart guy.
Thats what Josh Rosen is.
Hes a smart guy and I think hes gonna fit in well there and its gonna be a place by the way he also will have Fitzpatrick behind him who doesnt really seem to have the attitude of a starter that doesnt wanna help.
So you have two smart guys in a quarterback room it seems like thats a much better place for Josh Rosen to flourish.
Dianna what about Kyler Murray?
You dont think Arizona with Kyler Murray has a chance to be a dynamic play maker and five years from now were probablyThats really what this question is right?
Its an assessment of Kyler Murray in a lot of ways.
No it definitely is again the big question mark of course is is it gonna work with Kliff Kingsbury.
But to me my biggest issue with Arizona is last year and this year is their offensive line.
So as much as we can say Kyler Murray canI got five years to fix it in five years.
Thats right hes looking for a GM job right here.
No Im not!
You trying to get rid of me?
Weve got five years Im justBreaking up is hard to do.
You gave us five years right?
I gave you five years I did.
Thats a lot of drafts.
Fair enough.
All right when we come back JuJu smithSchuster isnt thinking five years hes thinking right now.
Well talk role models and Steelers culture coming up.
Hi Im JuJu SmithSchuster and Im gonna tell you how much fun Im having this offseason.
Music Break break chains that hold me down Music Music I make make waves all around Music Music Still unstoppable Music Music Im still unstoppable Music Let me get this straight.
After a long day of hard work you have to do more work?
Everyday youre nearly fried to a crisp professionally.
Can someone turn on the AC?
No oh right cause there isnt any.
Here.
Ad Announcer Automatically sort your expenses and save over 40 hours a month.
Without you we wouldnt have electricity.
Our hobby would be going to bed early.
Ad Announcer You earned it were here to make sure you get it.
Its time to get yours.
Ad Announcer QuickBooks backing you.
Male Character What about him?
Music I know Music Male Character Lets do it.
Music These winding roads Music Music They lead me home Music Music To you now go Music Female Character Cmon.
Ad Announcer This summer add a new member to the family.
Hurry in to the MercedesBenz summer event today for exceptional offers.
Lease the GLC 300 SUV for just 419 a month at the MercedesBenz summer event going on now.
This is our moment lets get it threeTwo one here we go Peloton.
Music It aint my fault that Im out here getting loose Music Lets do this together Peloton.
Announcer One subscription for the whole family.
Just one part of the best cardio machine on the planet Peloton.
Hi Phil Swift here.
People everywhere tell me how much they love the Flex Seal family of products.
This stuff is awesome.
It really works.
Best stuff I ever got.
Phil Nothing compares to the strength of original Flex Seal Flex Seal liquid Flex Shot Flex Tape and Flex Glue.
Now you can coat patch seal and repair.
Imagine everything you can do with the Flex Seal family of products.
Available at these fine retailers.
Nice one Mallory.
Whats this?
Third Coach Oh its their new goal celebration.
Theyre calling it the Hulu has live sports.
You got your standard issue couch and there a TV.
How much is Hulu paying them for this?
Hulu has live sports!
Boom.
Music Money Music Ad Announcer Built by champions and contenders.
Built towards the future on the foundation of our past.
Built to defy expectations and challenge convention.
Built by those who came before and everyone to come.
Get your tickets today to witness the 2019 US Open.
Built for glory.
Ad Announcer Tales returns tonight at 900 That ones nice.
Oh I like that style.
Car shopping?
That obvious?
Try CarGurus.
Dark haired Female CarGurus?
Its easy to find the cars you like and compare deals.
Every car is rated from great deal to over priced.
And the best deals are sorted first.
CarGurus gives you dealer reviews too.
Look at that model.
Look at that model.
Jinx.
Jinx.
Announcer Go to CarGurus today to find great deals from top rated dealers near you.
Go long pal.
Is this where the immaculate reception football is?
Was running out of bounds ever an option?
No no no.
Whenever I say were gonna win the game I guarantee you I meant it.
Automobile 1920s started the NFL.
Quit looking at my chest hair look at the play.
Get them white legs up!
Commentator That is JuJu SmithSchuster.
SmithSchuster past midfield.
A leaping grab by the man called JuJu.
JuJu JuJu SmithSchuster in the back of the end zone.
Wow!
Were joined this afternoon by JuJu SmithSchuster whos making his way all the way across the Atlantic.
He is in London this afternoon for the NFL academy where hes an ambassador.
JuJu tell us exactly what that is and what it means there in London.
So here in London were working with the NFL academy which is an amazing thing because they give the opportunity to some players young players from the age 15 and up who learn the new game American football.
This is new to them which is awesome.
But its awesome because it just gives them the opportunity that they have another career another goal that they can set to play in the states to play in the NFL.
JuJu we talked to James Conner yesterday.
He talked about turning the page about the changes that had gone on in Pittsburgh during the offseason.
Whats the temperature of this team as you get ready for training camp?
Were at a 70 were not too cold or were not too hot.
So the weathers really nice right now.
In our locker room everyones on the same page.
Focused on the same goal.
Which is amazing because thats what were all about.
Were all about the team theres no individuals.
And were here to win games and win championships.
Victor JuJu talk to me about some of the talent youre seeing out there in London behind you.
Any ballers out there?
Any future Steelers out there or what?
Oh man theres some talent out here some potential.
You gotta understand this game is new to them.
We started lifting weights at 14 these guys are barely starting at 16 or 17.
So if we were to get them on the right page onto the academy it would be amazing to start a Pop Warner team eventually start through middle school high school and that would be their academy.
All right JuJu its been well documented that Antonio Browns no longer with the Steelers.
Now youre the number one guy.
Hows it feel do you feel a difference in the locker room?
Are people treating you differently?
Are dudes getting your trays of lunch for you?
Is it a different feeling being the number one guy?
Hows it feel?
Nah man theres no difference.
Obviously people say yo youre the number one guy this year but more for myself I just see more opportunity not just for myself but for other guys to step up.
You talk about AB having 100 catches over 1000 yards.
Those yards those catches are gonna be spread out between our offense between James Conner Vance McDonald James Washington Dante Moncrief a lot of guys.
James Samuels theres so many guys who are getting more touches more catches more yards more YAC just to help them individually.
But at the end of the day Im still the same dude in the locker room same JuJu the same person.
Im just last year I was 21 and this year Im 22 same thing.
Victor Thats whats up.
Wendi 22 year old version of JuJu SmithSchuster.
JuJu you referenced the football being spread around that makes the communication with Ben Roethlisberger all that more important.
Whats your relationship like with your quarterback?
Its amazing man.
Ben is a great leader a great dude.
He took the whole offensive group down to his lake house in Georgia.
Amazing we spent time together bonding we worked hard we threw but at the end of the day its more so building that bonding and that connection.
What he did for us was amazing.
I think its so crazy that a guy whos been in the league for 15 16 years he sees so many guys come and go and for me Im only 22 years old.
When I met him I was 20 years old and our bond is just gonna keep growing.
I know as a superstar athlete that you are youre always working on something new youre always working on something new to perfect your game.
Gimme one thing youve been working on this offseason to just either get better at or something you wanna add to your game or whatever the case may be.
Man I been really really focusing on playing more inside and outside learning the whole package.
Learning the whole offense.
Thats what separates being on the field the whole game and being on the field for certain plays certain packages.
I think its great that Im able to play outside inside right side left side.
Move me into slot playing tight end.
Thats gonna help out a lot.
Thats something Ive really been focusing on.
Its studying that playbook to the next level and understanding what everybody has on the field.
Wendi JuJu we also get to see everything else you do via social media.
Does anybody in the NFL have more fun than you do?
Uh not necessarily I do a lot of stuff for YouTube theres a lot of stuff I do on that end.
I really love to show my personal side my fun side what I do in my free time.
Playing Fortnite do a lot of video games streaming Twitch and making YouTube videos.
I think a lot of guys in the NFL they just post a lot of working out videos.
Which theres nothing wrong with that you know.
But what do they like to do on their free time?
Do they like to travel the world?
Do they like to just stay at home and watch movies?
I think a lot of their fans would love to see that and just get on a more personal base.
Well and some like to go to prom you know?
Which apparently you did recently.
Tell us about the prom.
So the prom was awesome a kid hes from PA Pittsburgh.
Ideally he wanted to take this girl the girl that he liked a lot and his best friend ends up taking her.
He told his best friend too but his best friend kinda went behind his back took his girl.
So he asked me and Im just like man lets just one up this kid.
We buy a suit we get a party bus.
We basically stole the night away from him and his girl.
At the end of the day we all had a good time.
I met the guy he seems like a good kid.
Hes great my friends great cause he got like 20K followers Anthony.
So hes super excited about his college career coming soon.
Yeah Anthony one friends and girl friend nothing.
He wins.
Exactly.
JuJu we saw you getting busy on the dance floor we saw you getting busy on the dance floor right there talk to me about what celebrations you got in store.
I know youre always being creative you always bring some new stuff to the table.
What you got in store for us this year from the celebration standpoint?
Man look Im super excited.
Yes Im the young dude in the room but Im very vocal.
Its my time to step up to be a leader.
And what I mean by leader Im getting everybody on the page to do major celebration.
Like Dante Moncrief hes older than me but hes gonna do these celebrations.
James Washington all these guys all my receivers were gonna do major celebrations.
James Washingtons on the same page because were in the same class.
And then you know Im still working on Big Ben and the old lineman theyre a lot older than me so theyre vets theyve been there before.
Well see how it all figures out but major celebrations coming soon.
We cant wait last question.
We asked James Conner this yesterday to close things out why should Steeler fans be optimistic as we look toward 2019?
Man Steeler fans are always there supporting since day one whether were doing good or bad.
I dont doubt that theyll support us till the end.
Im kinda happy with where were at right now were not the headline.
The Browns theyre the team that everyones watching what kinda noise theyre gonna make.
Im super excited to watch them play too.
See OBJ comment on my post and Im commenting on his post.
Like yo cant wait whos gonna have the best dance moves.
But like I said this year the fans just support until the end because were gonna finish strong.
You can always know the Steelers pull through.
Wendi All right JuJu best of luck.
We appreciate you being with us.
Victor Thanks for being with us Ju.
Thank you I appreciate it.
With Antonio Brown now departed to Oakland JuJu will become Big Bens number one option and with that he should receive tighter coverage.
Over the last two seasons when facing pressed coverage JuJu actually though had a better catch rate and yards per target than Antonio Brown.
Clearly Victor perspective changes a little bit I would think.
Hes the number one guy he could say whatever.
What kinda pressure how is it different for JuJu starting this season than say last year?
I think the only thing different is like you said the mindset the perspective.
Obviously youre coming into that locker room and Antonio Browns not there its just you.
And now you become that leader.
People are looking to you youve been there.
You understand who you are.
I know youre just whatd he say 22 years old but now you become the guy that the younger teammates are looking up to you wanting to know what youre doing wanting to hang out with you in the offseason.
Wanting to just steal a little bit of knowledge from you your relationship with Ben.
They wanna get a head start on what they need to do to get better.
And he becomes the guy that leads the charge in that regard.
Its pretty big shoes to fill.
I think the Steelers have done a great job.
I think they were preparing for this for a number of years.
There is that whole notion of we have to win for today and develop for tomorrow.
You look at that position in that organization going back to Mike Wallace Santonio Holmes obviously Antonio Brown SmithSchuster.
They do a great job of getting guys in the pipeline getting them developed.
And now Antonio Brown moves on SmithSchuster steps up to be the number one guy.
I think theyve done a remarkably great job for a number of years especially at this position.
I think thats a great point and I would argue that outside of New England they probably do it as well as anybody in terms of continuity.
I know Antonio Brown ended in a way they probably didnt anticipate but they did anticipate that it would end at some point.
And to that end Mike and to your point they seem to be in lockstep with planning for the future.
I think theres three things that JuJu SmithSchuster has to probably focus on this season.
Its going from being a great receiver to an elite receiver.
He needs to play at that level.
Victor touched on the leadership aspect.
Its obvious Just from that interview you can hear he has stepped up to already be that leader.
Hes talking about trying to get Big Ben and the offensive line to participate in the celebration drills.
They obviously have good chemistry there.
And then that third layer is being a mentor to those younger guys.
So hes gonna be asked a lot more of him as a football player out on the field and then of course in the locker room.
But if theres one thing I think weve learned about JuJu over the years is he attacks everything with open arms he is an open book himself.
He embraces that role and he wants to be that character guy he wants to be that good guy.
And when you talk to players on the Steelers about JuJu Smith and what his personality is like because obviously on social media hes so much fun and he can be loud apparently he does a lot of his work silently.
Hes not the loudest guy in the room.
Hes not the one joking around during drills.
He likes to have fun but hes locked in and focused.
I think if he can take his game to that elite level the Antonio Brown conversations that were gonna be having are gonna feel so long ago.
You know what else he said that was really impressive in the interview he touched on at the end about the Steelers are always there in the end.
And its not where you start in football its where you end.
And you look at Pittsburgh and New England those teams always improve during the course of the season.
So James Conner SmithSchuster in a new role its not what they look like in August and September are they ascending and getting better.
And Mike Tomlin deserves so much credit.
The player development the way they coach their players they get better.
And I thought his point was a good one which is hey well be there in the end because thats where theyve been year in and year out.
It almost feels like they transform and they kinda morph into whatever they need to be to win towards the second half of the season and thats what keeps them in the hunt year in and year out.
Well and I understand for all kinds of reasons why everybodys looking to Cleveland.
But I think youd be unwise to sleep on Pittsburgh in any way shape or form.
Mike Tomlin as the head coach a veteran squad this is a good team.
I think that you could argue underachieved last season well see.
What do Patrick Mahomes Saquon Barkley and Kyler Murray all have in common?
They make head turning highlight reel worthy plays.
Well crown the Highlight King next.
Saquon You ever watch the highlights on YouTube?
Commentator Patrick Mahomes on fire.
Second Commentator Looks one way zings it another.
Third Commentator Barkley dives over the top!
Flips end over end touchdown.
Fourth Commentator Kyler Murray an absolute dime.
Fifth Commentator Hes the best quarterback youll ever see at everything else except height.
Sixth Commentator Patrick Mahomes with Mahomes magic.
How did he pull that off?
Ive waited my whole life for this.
You ready?
Are you?
Narrator The ant mindlessly marches on carrying up to 50 times its body weight.
It never questions the task at hand.
But this year theres a more thrilling path to follow.
Kids!
Change of plans.
Narrator Defy the laws of human nature at the summer of Audi sales event.
Get exceptional offers now.
Announcer Planning for retirement?
Quick whats your most valuable asset?
No not these.
Its time because time gives you more opportunity for growth.
So dont waste another minute.
Go to PersonalCapital.com now for a retirement planner that takes the guess work out of retirement.
A dashboard that shows you all your accounts in one place.
Even your net worth all in real time.
Youll get all these free retirement and investing tools plus wealth management options.
Join at PersonalCapital.com.
Im Tom from Kane 11 and I have one question for you.
What size socks do you wear?
If youre like everyone else weve asked you simply dont know how could you?
All sock companies make their socks in one size fits all or just a couple of sizes to fit every size foot.
At Kane 11 we make our socks to fit 11 individual sizes.
From seven to 17.
Thats right 7 to 17.
No more heel hiking toe bunching or that towel under your toe feeling.
Kane 11 has great colors and looks to fit everyones lifestyle.
From crews to athletics.
Even our perfectly designed noshows.
Your feet hold up your whole body and the better your socks fit the more comfortable youre gonna feel all day.
Thats the Kane 11 promise.
So stop compromising your comfort.
Try a pair of Kane 11 socks.
Youll never go back to hit or miss size ranges again.
See why Esquire Mens Health and Golf Digest are all raving about us.
Go to Kane11.com and get 20 percent off your first order only available at Kane11.com.
Music Walk the world with me Music Before we get down to slinging we like to set the mood.
Dim the lights put on some musk light a candle.
And take a circ saw to our old equipment.
Ooh!
And lets leave the shades open so the neighbors can see right in.
Let em watch.
Announcer Stop paying too much for TV.
For a limited time get all your favorite live TV channels.
Only 15 bucks for your first month at SlingHiring was always a huge challenge.
Endless hours on job sites with not a lot to show for it.
Then I found Zip Recruiter.
They figured out hiring.
I post my job they put it all over the web and they send me the right people.
Because their technology is smart.
Zip Recruiter often sends me the right person in 24 hours.
Announcer Zip Recruiter the smartest way to hire.
Try it for free at ZipRecruiter.comDirect.
Announcer Whether you need eyewear or contacts ordering from Eyeconic is easy.
Thats because a lot goes into making your experience perfect.
I have an incoming order sir.
Announcer Your order is double checked and saving money is easy.
Prescription and insurance verified 220 saved.
Announcer Choose from over 2300 styles and more than 60 brands.
Get free shipping on all glasses sunglasses and contacts.
Plus 10 percent off your first purchase.
Visit Eyeconic.com today.
Draft Announcer With the first pick the New Orleans Pelicans select Zion Williamson.
The New York Knicks select RJ Barrett.
Zion You know I love the biggest stage.
I love the challenge.
RJ My dream came true Im just ready to work.
Wendi NBA Summer League action on Friday.
Triple header starting at 730 eastern on ESPN.
You dont wanna miss a special matchup at 930 featuring former Duke teammates Zion and RJ Barrett facing off for the first time in the Association.
Press Coverage now from our own Josina Anderson.
An update the NFL and NFL PA have already scheduled CBA negotiating sessions for July 17th through the 19th.
It will be the first time both sides engage in talks for three consecutive days specifically on this pending league deal.
Dan Graziano also reporting there is hope of getting a new CBA by the start of the 2019 season.
Dianna Thats great news.
Wendi Lets take a look at a few NFL players nominated for the ESPYS shall we?
After an impressive sophomore season where he threw for over 5000 yards and 50 touchdowns and won an MVP for just that.
Patrick Mahomes nominated for best male athlete.
Saquon Barkley nominated for the best breakthrough athlete.
Last season Barkley burst onto the scene rushing for 1307 yards.
Broke a Giants rookie record.
Kyler Murray nominated for best college athlete.
He became the seventh player to win the Heisman in OUs history.
None of those are too shabby right?
But today we give out the Highlight King award.
Is that an ESPY its not.
It is not.
It should be.
But it should be.
It should be.
It definitely should be but its funny because my choice here is Kansas City quarterback Patrick Mahomes.
He is up for male athlete of the year.
But youre crowning him the highlight king.
He gets my vote and heres why.
Against the Ravens facing fourth and nine from the Chiefs 40 Mahomes just did what we had seen him do countless times which was buy time with his feet.
Mike Get out of bounds.
Dianna Relies on his right hand there finds Tyreek Hill down field.
And the best part is after the game Andy Reed said Oh yeah thats exactly how we designed it yeah sure Andy.
How about against the Broncos?
We knew his right hand was magical.
Did you just say lucky?
Mike Lefty.
Oh I thought you said lucky I was like I dont think that was luck Mike!
We knew his right hand was pretty magical but his left hand here spots Von Miller coming right at him.
Mike Semispiral on that.
Even when your defense is doing everything they should be doing there are situations where you cannot beat Pat Mahomes because he comes up with some unthinkable moments here.
His athleticism his vision of the field and his ability to stay in the pocket and make plays.
And of course outside the pocket is where hes perhaps probably the most dangerous.
Victor is here.
Im going with Saquon Barkley here.
Dianne Oh wait hes your Highlight King.
Just to be clear.
He is my highlight king Saquon Barkley because he is a highlight machine.
As you can see hes broken at least 47 tackles on that one to get to the end zone.
And this one I mean hes just putting his foot in the ground he will not be denied against Philadelphia.
Obviously a rivalry in that division and hes taking off on that one.
In this one this ones pretty good.
OK we know this guys good.
First of all tremendous block by 73 right there but this run is just indicative of the type of athlete that Saquon Barkley is.
He can shake guys behind him in front of him hes got the speed to outrun anybody in this league.
And thats what we see here and its always on display.
And then I get a bonus Dianna I get a bonus one here.
Mike youll like this one a nice little hurdle.
Dianna Whoa!
Plenty of running backs are doing that only a handful of guys I could probably count them all on one hand who can hurdle guys in traffic like that and keep it moving.
Can you talk about that mediocre protection too?
He was able to jump.
Not to pile on your Giants but the fact that he was able to do that with that Oline is incredible.
Got to do a lot on his own.
All right guys.
Wendi Mike Tannenbaum.
I got Kyler Murray I was at this game.
His resiliency was unbelievable.
They got outplayed badly in the first half.
He comes out in the second half.
He steps up in the pocket keeps his eyes down the field.
That puts so much pressure on a defense.
Throws a really accurate pass this was a great play.
Got Oklahoma back in the game.
This was another game I was at West Virginias defense was horrific in this game.
If they were playing flag football Kyler Murray still wouldve gone untouched.
Victor Looks like flag football.
Yeah I tell you what.
And this is what Arizonas hoping for.
Look at how many guys he can make miss in space and have the speed to take it all the way.
The amount of pressure hell put on defenses will be formidable in the fall because itll be his arm and itll be his feet.
Speaking of his arm look at this one.
Victor That was a dime.
Oklahoma State big rivalry game.
Again 50 yards down the field hits Hollywood Brown in stride.
This guy is gonna be a dynamic play maker.
He is a highlight machine he is the highlight king maker and Arizona Cardinal fans thats what theyre looking forward to in the fall.
Theyre hoping fingers crossed.
Listen we told you wed let you vote.
We narrowed the field its one of these three.
Highlight King OK?
So go to our Twitter handle espnnfl.
You can vote for one of these three and well let you know what you think.
Also by the way while youre at it dont forget you can also vote on the ESPYS right now.
That is at ESPYS.com.
Victor Get out of there Dianna get out of there.
Wendi Rob Mendez a man born without arms or legs found his calling coaching high school football.
He comes out full head of hair parted down the side.
I told her theres nothing ugly about him.
Hes still an angel.
Whats up DK?
I know youre asking yourself am I worth the hype?
Commentator Are you kidding me?
Why we love the combine.
Can I live up to it all?
See thats the thing about hype.
It could make you or break you.
Heres what Ive learned.
They get to ask all the questions but only you get to answer.
Draft Announcer The Seattle Seahawks select DK Metcalf.
Football Player Good luck DK.
Ad Announcer Why use PostIt Extreme Notes?
Because they make your message stick getting it said and done right the first time.
Male Speaker Oh come on.
Ad Announcer Stop the rework with Postit Extreme notes.
Music Summer nights Music Music Keeping me up Music Music I wanna waste time Music Music Just looking at the sky Music Music Full of stars Music Music Mind wandering far Music Music Like were 16 Music Music Dreaming in the dark Music Music Love the wind in my hair Music Music As I drive my car Music Music It makes me feel free Music Ad Announcer Now get exceptional offers at the Infiniti plus summer sales event.
Announcer In every trip theres room for more than just the business you came for.
Music This wait is rolling lets get going Music Music We got places to be Music Music Oh oh Music Music Oh oh Music Ad Announcer Whether thats taking in every moment or capturing a moment worth bringing back.
Thats room for possibility.
Music Lets see how far we can go oh oh oh Music Music Oh oh oh Music Music Once upon a time I was drinking Dos Equis Music Music Now Im just waitin at the bar Music Music Theres nothing I can do Music Music Theres a really big crowd at the bar Music Ad Announcer Summer jams with Dos Equis.
Keep it interesante.
Ad Announcer Exclusively on ESPN plus UFC 239.
Shes the first woman in UFC history to hold two title belts.
Now coming off a stunning victory rising star Amanda Nunez is set to defend her bantamweight weight title.
Buy it on ESPNplus.comPPV.
Commentator Dont go anywhere!
Your brother has paid his debt to society.
Music Brothers forever Music Im your girl youre my man.
Him comin home dont change a thing.
Male Boxer I dont need you bringing any heat to my door.
Im all the heat you need.
Music And well be Music Music Brothers forever Music That ones nice.
Car shopping?
That obvious?
Try CarGurus.
Every car is rated from great deal to over priced.
The best deals are sorted first.
Look at that model.
Look at that model.
Jinx.
Jinx.
Ad Announcer CarGurus find your great deal today.
Ad Announcer Hey guys elcome to Hims.
Customer Should have done it years ago and I feel like the young stud that I always imagined I was.
Second Customer Outstanding product works above and beyond our expectations.
Ad Announcer Go to forhims.comED and get started for just five bucks.
The ESPYS Auction is where you can bid on once in a life time experiences like joining me on the set of Sports Center.
That should be like a million dollars.
Join me in Sunday Night Baseball in the booth!
You can join me and well make a puppet in your likeness.
Come hang out with me and my least favorite son Dan on South Beach.
Scott Van Pelt So bid now at ebay.comESPN.
The ESPYS Auction includes amazing experiences across sports and entertainment including those you just heard about.
Go to ebay.comespn to bid now through July 10th.
All proceeds benefit the V Foundation for cancer research.
Weve been highlighting our ESPY nominees throughout the show but this one goes beyond football.
High school football coach Rob Mendez who will be the recipient of the Jimmy V Award for Perseverance.
Born with an extremely rare condition that affects less than 100 people in the world Mendez found his calling coaching a sport that he was never able to play himself.
SC Featured chronicles Mendezs first season as a head football coach capturing the inspiring and unlikely story of a coach who transformed a group of young athletes from skeptics into believers.
Cable At this time I just want to introduce to you somebody that I think can really help turn this program around.
A coach that I hired because I was impressed with his knowledge of the game.
His passion as a coach blew me away.
Everything else thats on top of that in terms of who he is and what he does on a day to day basis inspires me.
Your new coach Rob Mendez.
It was awful it was really really awful.
I didnt have a choice to have an abortion so I had to keep Robert.
In the back of my mind Im asking him why why my son.
Less than 100 born like him in the world.
What am I gonna do with this boy?
It was hard to see him I really didnt wanna see Robert.
So I didnt see little Robert for about two weeks because I just didnt know what to do.
I just remember staring there was a lot of staring.
It would piss me off really bad.
Like he was not a human or something.
Robert Sr. But he was different.
Im under arrest yeah!
Robert Sr. He sees people staring as an opportunity.
Hey everyone out there you know its me Robert Mendez.
Things that you and I get to do in 10 minutes might take him an hour.
But he never complained about it.
Josie Robert was just a really easy child.
Again.
And he just was really really happy.
Jackie Whats your favorite team?
San Francisco 49ers.
Robert Sr. Hes got a gift that doesnt require him to be physical.
Making him aware of that I think he just took the ball and ran.
I think the most difficult part of having no arms and no legs is simply not being able to play sports.
I dont show it Im good at not showing it.
But yeah I get mad.
I get mad at God I get mad at the Lord like why?
His freshman year he was standing behind the fence at a distance watching them practice.
That was the beginning.
We wanted to get him involved in the program so we invited him to be our manager.
They didnt know what I could do they obviously knew I couldnt play but just to include me it made me feel a part of it.
It made me feel I guess you can say normal.
He paid attention to us as coaches but he learned the game playing Madden football.
He created game plans on Madden and then hed come to practice and try to create the same game plans and execute them the same way.
I started giving Robert a little bit more responsibility with my quarterbacks.
Robert Eyes on the quarterback guys.
Eyes on the quarterback eyes on the quarterback And the next thing you know he was there running the drills for us.
Go go go go go.
Saddleball when you roll out big eyes big eyes OK?
His ability to study the game and his ability to translate those things to the kids is unmatched by most of the coaches that I know.
Right in front of the line right in front of the line.
Ram over W orbit 46 power.
Lets go!
Good job good job!
Look it up be ourselves.
Ive been overlooked the last three or four years Ive been ready for it.
When I go to a job interview sometimes I feel like Im gonna scaring is not the right word surprise them.
And I dont know how theyre gonna take the surprise.
As he rolls out to be brutally honest when I first saw that Im like how can this guy coach?
And as he comes close he goes gimme a fist pump gimme a fist pump!
I just gave him a little fist pump right there on his shoulder.
And all that nerves that I had was just melted away.
We had other applicants but I knew in my heart that it would be a great fit for these young athletes.
I remember when Coach Cable hired me.
Cruising off the campus I was like yes!
I just felt really accomplished.
Because it took me so long I knew Id been ready for it and Id been overlooked and finally somebody gave me the opportunity so I really appreciated that.
At this time I just wanna introduce to you your new JV head coach Rob Mendez.
Appreciate it thanks Coach Cable.
Thank you Coach.
You know football is my passion.
This is gonna be my 13th year coaching.
I cant wait to get to know every single one of you.
Believe in yourself believe in your teammates and believe in what youre doing.
Are we clear gentleman?
Yes sir.
All right Im excited guys.
Obviously it was a little shocking.
And there was jokes going around.
Typical teenagers you know a guy with no arms or legs not a lot of people have seen that.
If youre taken back thats just natural and thats human.
But after the first two seconds its just a normal guy.
I dont care how good you are!
I dont care how experienced you are!
You guys are gonna do everything as a team!
Though he may not look like a coach he definitely acts like one.
Lax nine 157!
So what were gonna teach right now is called 31 zone.
His knowledge of the game for somebody who hasnt actually gone through it is impressive.
On his phone he could diagram a play faster than I can do with pen and paper.
Theres definitely doubters out there like parents.
My God my son is getting coached at quarterback from a guy that has no arms and no legs.
One two plant good.
That lights a fire under my butt and probably gets me excited to really just try to prove people wrong about it.
Perfect perfect good job!
When they see him and witness him and hear him Id like to believe that they take a moment to evaluate themselves and anything that theyve gone through in life cant be more difficult than what he endures on a daily basis.
One thing that I care about more than anything is being a family!
That is one thing I take pride on I love people!
I love you I love you I love you I love you I love everyone!
So if you guys cant show love on this football field then you better get off of it!
Towards you Aiden who am I gonna go to?
Whistle whistle whistle whistle whistle.
If this was a gameIt was a fractured orbital bone and my cheek bone is fractured as well.
Couldnt sleep I couldnt chew.
I just felt bad for him.
You know hes got a hard life and I try to make it as easy as I can.
Things that you and I take for granted like brushing your teeth or washing your face or taking a shower or going to the restroom.
Robert needs someone to help him.
But hes tough.
Two days later he was at his practice.
Hey Chuck widen out widen out widen out both of you!
And his thing is now I gotta be there for the kids.
Go to the flat go to the flat go to the flat.
Michael Hes been waiting to be a head coach for a long time.
I didnt want to let them down.
I didnt want to let the kids down.
I just cant stay away I guess.
Me being challenged has been my motivation.
All I gotta say is who says I cant?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant?
Nobody!
Rob Who says I cant?
Nobody!
Who says I cant originally came from me just having a drive to accomplish whatever people doubted me for.
Who says I cant?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant?
Team Nobody!
Yeah!
If hes willing to do all of that then what are we willing to do?
Its go time weve been working hard all summer long.
Prospect on three one two three.
Prospect!
Prospect!
Go kick ass lets go.
Lets go run 638 stretch.
Announcer Touchdown!
Thats how we do that thats how you do it.
Devon lets go!
Those kids fought every single game.
I cant remember one game that we were bigger than the other team but dammit we got the job done.
Oh yeah thats what Im talking about!
Thats what Im talking about!
We got the momentum keep it up lets go!
The JV team in the last 10 years has had mostly losing seasons.
He just really has done a job that I havent been able to see other coaches do at that level before.
Im trying to send my Y under wherever it is over the middle because its gonna be right here.
Over the middle.
Lets go!
Yeah!
Give me a hug both of you guys good job you guys.
Appreciate it all right lets go.
Team Who says I cant?
Rob What?
Team Who says I cant?
Rob What?
Team Who says I cant?
Radio Announcer Good morning and hello Prospect.
Ann Sobrato High.
Winner today wins the league.
Team Seven eight nine.
Remember this Im proud of every single one of you!
But damn it were not done yet!
So lets go finish the job off right now!
Commentator It might take a miracle play to score the only points in this contest.
Passes off to his right intercepted.
437 to play in the fourth quarter.
Sobrato looking for the first points.
Kick on the way has the distance and its good!
And Sobrato takes a three nothing lead.
Lets just execute guys right now.
OK this is for the league right here OK you guys?
Rex Nine left 180 smash OK lets do it.
Commentator Fourth and 14 for the Panthers.
Fourth down play Jackson off to his left and its incomplete.
Sobrato gets the win and takes the division title with a win this afternoon over Prospect.
OK dont worry about it man.
Come on man.
Family is the most important thing remember that OK?
Thats what we built this team off of was family OK?
Weve got good days and bad days man.
And today as a team thats OK.
Im very proud of the whole team.
Its gonna hurt today.
And thats OK if it hurts because we cared a lot.
Because we love this game of football.
I really sincerely want you guys to understand how much I appreciate this.
You guys have given me a lifetime of memories.
Our opponents theyd always doubt him cause they see a man in a wheel chair.
To us we see our coach whos perfect.
When were pushing him off the field after games it makes me feel proud to have him as my coach.
Rob Lets go with that flood play.
These kids would follow him no matter where he go.
You can actually see the changes in the kids.
Great game can I give you a hug?
Can I get a hug good game brother.
You want the best for your children and I told him one time you know theres not a lot of money in this Robert.
And he told me not everybody does what they do for money.
Hes right.
It gave me the feeling of importance.
And I dont think they know that and understand that.
Maybe they will one day but I love those kids and Im always gonna remember them.
Yeah.
I think we make a perfect team.
Can we agree on that?
Team Yes Coach!
Can we agree on that?
Team Yes Coach!
Who says I cant?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant?
Team Nobody!
Who says I cant?
Team Nobody!
Yeah!
Player Way to go Coach!
All right guys.
Well several schools in the Silicon Valley recently notified Mendez of varsity head coaching openings hes decided not to interview.
He says he has unfinished business with his JV team at Prospect.
For more on Rob Mendez and his remarkable journey head to ESPN plus for the full half hour documentary which you can stream right now.
And a reminder to catch the ESPYS July 10th on ABC to see Mendez receive the Jimmy V Award for Perseverance.
With AB now on the Raiders what might JuJus new role be in Pittsburgh as the lead wide receiver well take up that topic next.
Announcer Keep up with your favorite team on the go with the NFL app.
Get all your updates scores and live games during the season.
Download the NFL app from your app store.
Thats the only circumstance to which you would separate?
Cant imagine doin it any other way.
Kaitlyn This is Kaitlyn Dickerson from the New York Times.
This isnt the only case very little documentation.
I know thats not true.
And the shelters really dont know what to do with them.
I just got another person at EHS to confirm this.
I have this number were gonna publish this story.
Announcer This is a PayDay bar.
And theres only one thing you need to know about it.
It has a truckload of peanuts surrounding sweet caramel.
I mean holy look at all those peanuts.
Best part is it helps you get through your day.
PayDay get to it.
Music Nah nah nah nah Music Music Nah nah nah nah Music Music Hey hey hey Music Music Goodbye Music Music Hey hey hey Music Music Goodbye Music Announcer The worlds first six function multipro tailgate.
Available only on the next generation GMC Sierra.
Get 20 percent below MSRP on next generation 2019 GMC double cab and SLE crew cab models with a standard tailgate.
Announcer Lower carbs.
Lower calories.
Higher expectations.
The light beer youve been waiting for has arrived.
Corona Premier.
Music La la la la la la la Music Announcer Home.
Its so much more than a house.
Its your own little slice of heaven.
For over 30 years Rocket Mortgage has helped millions of Americans finance the home of their dreams.
Toothbrush honey please please just help me.
Weve gotta go guys no!
Announcer So you can spend your time making your house home.
Rocket Mortgage.
Push button get mortgage.
Music I used to have to go in to the auto parts store Music Music Paid too much never found quite what Im lookin for Music Music Now I just go online to Rock Auto and see Music Music All the parts my car will ever need Music Music Lower prices more parts more brands Music Music Its so easy to find the right parts fast Music Music All the parts your car will ever need Music Music Rock Auto Music Music All the parts your car will ever need Music Music RockAuto.com Music Announcer When you need hot or cold therapy for strained or injured muscles dont give up your freedom to get your therapy.
Get that healing feeling with Copper Fit mobile rapid relief wraps.
Hot or cold therapy wraps that strap in place and stay in place so you can do what you want while getting the therapy you need.
This is the best solution for icing and heating that Ive ever found.
Announcer Get that healing feeling with Copper Fit rapid relief wraps.
Find the entire line of Copper Fit rapid relief mobile wraps now in Walmart Pharmacy.
Hi Phil Swift here.
People everywhere tell me how much they love the Flex Seal family of products.
This stuff is awesome.
It really works.
Best stuff I ever got.
Im not sure what magic you guys do but this stuff is incredibly durable.
We absolutely love Flex Seal.
I would recommend it to anyone for any project.
Its fantastic.
Imagine everything you could do with the Flex Seal family of products.
Available at these fine retailers.
Bro.
I got this.
Dave Bro.
Bro!
Bros?
Bro.
Bro!
Music Bro Music Bro!
Bro!
Bro.
Oh bro.
Bro!
Bro.
Later bromies.
Bros?
Bro!
Announcer Stuber in theaters July 12th.
Wendi UFC 239 Saturday in Las Vegas.
Two of the greatest UFC champions defending their titles.
Jon Bones battles Thiago Santos and Amanda Nunez takes on Holly Holm in the comain events on payperview.
Thats starting at 10 eastern.
Go to ESPNplus.comPPV.
JuJu SmithSchuster will enter training camp as the Pittsburgh Steelers number one wide receiver for the first time in his career.
Here is SmithSchuster from earlier today on what its like and the expectations of stepping into that role.
I mean obviously people say Yo youre the number one guy this year.
But more for myself man I just see it more opportunity not just for myself but for other guys to step up.
You talk about AB having 100 catches over 1000 yards.
Those yards those catches are gonna be spread out between our offense.
Between James Conner Vance McDonald James Washington Dante Moncrief a lot of guys James Samuels.
Theres so many guys who are getting more touches more catches more yards more YAC just to help them individually.
At the end of the day Im still the same dude in the locker room the same JuJu the same person.
Im just last year I was 21 this year Im 22 same thing.
Yes the older wiser more mature 22 year old JuJu SmithSchuster.
With a good YAC reference always a good day.
Always.
All right listen this got us thinking obviously big shoes to fill with Antonio Brown departed.
Hes now an Oakland Raider.
So lets go one by one receptions more or less.
Antonio or JuJu Mike?
Yeah JuJu just made all my points for me.
Theyre gonna spread the ball around in Pittsburgh plus you have a head coach in Jon Gruden whos the play caller.
They gave up a lot of money and picks to get AB.
AB will have more receptions.
I do think Jon Gruden motivated to get Antonio Brown the football.
How about touchdowns Dianna?
Touchdowns Im gonna go with AB as well.
You know you actually teed me up perfectly there Wendi because I think if there is anyone that wants to make Antonio Brown work in Oakland cause they have to figure out why they pay him all that money its gonna be Jon Gruden.
So hes obviously calling all the shots on offense here and in terms of wide receivers in the game we can debate all day long who is the best but we all know how special AB can be.
As soon as he can figure out that chemistry with Derek Carr I think hes gonna have more touchdowns than JuJu.
All right theres receptions theres touchdowns and how about all purpose yards Victor Cruz?
Im gonna give JuJu some love here because clearly Mike and Dianna have not given him any love so far but Im going with yards.
Hes the bonafide number one guy now which means in those pressure situations Ben will be looking to him to be that number one receiver and get him the ball in space either on drag routes deep routes he can run any route in the book.
And its gonna be interesting to see just how they use him as the number one guy.
Look its a team game and all of those things are what they are but what really matters of course you hope anyway are the number of wins from each of these teams.
Weve got the Steelers weve got the Raiders.
Who gets the edge here?
Yeah its gonna be Pittsburgh.
I think were gonna see an improvement with Oakland especially on offense.
Josh Jacobs Terrell Williams obviously AB another year with Derek Carr and Jon Gruden really worry about defense and rushing the passer.
Obviously they lost Khalil Mack a year ago.
While they drafted Clenin Ferrell from Clemson in the first round its gonna take a while for him to get going but I think theyre gonna be a work in progress in terms of how they are on defense.
Im going with Mike Tomlin and a very mature Pittsburgh Steeler organization.
I think thats a pretty good bet.
How about celebrations is this even a question?
Well I guess maybe.
Its not a question at all.
Im going with JuJu mainly because it doesnt even have to be him that has to score to do the celebrations.
Wendi Hes made that clear!
Hes made that clear everybodys in on this thing.
So whether its him or whether its Vance McDonald or whether its any other person on that team.
Theyre gonna be celebrating and JuJu will be leading the way.
Wendi And let me tell you if you did not see it JuJu was with us about an hour ago and he said that he is working on Ben Roethlisberger to get involved.
He has not committed but hes trying.
Victor Well see him in there.
Well see about that.
I like that youve become the resident celebration expert for us.
Its like anything celebration we have to go to Victor.
Here I am taking a bow for you.
We have one more category one more category.
How about we do the drama.
Uh oh.
Ah the drama.
Is it on there or no?
Lets see here.
I guess not.
All right pretend.
Well just show the drama.
Speaking of drama Im gonna go with what history says and I think its gonna be Antonio Brown on this one.
Stick with that thought.
I like the way JuJu SmithSchuster is maturing into not just a mentor to these younger players but an actual leader on the Steelers team.
And for Antonio Brown there are a lot of personalities on this roster now.
Obviously we know Jon Gruden is the focal point of this team no matter whos on it but I think theres going to be points during the season where the AB of Pittsburgh will show its face in Oakland.
You cannot tell we will not get through this season without him getting irked with Derek Carr.
Theres no way.
It takes one sailed ball and hes gonna come back like really really?
Put some money on it.
The ESPYS are right around the corner.
Who is getting your vote for the best record breaking performance?
Come on here you know Drew Brees wants your vote.
Commentator Drew Brees has done it.
NFLs all time leading passer.
You can accomplish anything in life if youre willing to work for it right?
Remember that degree you got in taxation?
Of course you dont because you didnt.
Your job isnt understanding tax code its understanding why that will get him a body like that.
Move!
That.
Your job isnt doing hard work here.
Its making her do hard work and getting paid for it.
Announcer Snap and sort your expenses to save over 4600 at tax time.
Jodi its time to get yours.
Announcer QuickBooks backing you.
Woman Its open!
Hi this is amazing.
Narrator With moderate to severe ulcerative colitis.
Are you OK?
Narrator Even when I was there I never knew when my symptoms would keep us apart.
So I talked to my doctor about Humira.
I learned Humira can help get and keep UC under control when other medications havent worked well enough.
And it helps people achieve control that lasts so you could experience few or no symptoms.
Ad Announcer Humira can lower your ability to fight infections including tuberculosis.
Serious sometimes fatal infections and cancers including lymphoma have happened.
As have blood liver and nervous system problems.
Serious allergic reactions and new or worsening heart failure.
Before treatment get tested for TB.
Tell your doctor if youve been to areas where certain fungal infections are common and if youve had TB Hepatitis B are prone to infections or have flulike symptoms or sores dont start Humira if you have an infection.
Narrator Be there for you and them.
Ask your gastroenterologist about Humira.
With Humira control is possible.
Announcer How do you gauge the greatness of an SUV?
Is it to carry cargo or to carry on a legacy?
Can show its strength or its sign of intelligence.
In crossing harsh terrain or breaking new ground.
This is the time to get an exceptional offer on the Mercedes of your midsummer dreams at the MercedesBenz summer event going on now.
Lease the GLA 250 SUV for just 329 a month at the MercedesBenz summer event.
MercedesBenz the best or nothing.
Announcer Why are pet lovers shopping online at chewy.com?
I really wanted another dog.
He was worried about the money.
Yes.
Female Customer With Chewy we save money on food and toys.
So finally I broke down.
Female Customer And we were able to rescue Max.
Announcer Save 30 percent on your first order today at Chewy.com.
Announcer Switch to Metro and get the best deal in wireless.
Get two unlimited lines for just 80 bucks with Amazon Prime included.
Fantastic!
Announcer Plus get two free Samsung Galaxy phones.
Only at Metro.
Whats up Kyler its Dak.
Announcer The 135th pick Dak Prescott.
Dak Trust me I know what its like to be doubted.
Commentator Hes entirely too small.
He shouldnt even play quarterback.
Dak Remember though doubt is a gift.
It takes you to the next level.
Commentator Kyler Murray is the best player in college football.
Dak So what if they doubt you?
Draft Announcer The Arizona Cardinals select Kyler Murray.
They doubted me too.
Go get em bro.
Nice going Spencer.
I cant believe we broke old man Hennessys window.
Correction dude you broke it.
I just threw the ball.
This is really bad what are we gonna do?
We?
Boy Go to the door and ask for the ball back.
Are you serious?
Its my ball Murtlebeck.
Im so dead.
Id run away.
Yeah to Uruguay.
Kiss your life goodbye sorry.
Lets go.
Boy See you add me to your will.
Boy With Bat Some friends you are!
Music Oh Music Music Keep smiling Music Music Keep shining Music Hi.
Hi.
Tell him it was an accident and we can fix the window.
Come on Ill come with you.
Announcer Loyalty pass it on.
You go first.
Announcer A message from The Foundation for a Better Life.
Wendi Next.
Commentator Drew Brees finds himself only 35 yards away.
Drew Its about us its about our strength on one!
Commentator Just Peyton Manning left to pass.
Blue 80 set.
Commentator He starts in shotgun drops back.
Looks to the far side wide open!
and Smith what a way to do it.
I love you bro I love you bro.
Commentator Drew Brees is the NFLs all time leading passer.
Hey boys how about that huh?
Commentator Theres only one word that comes to mind.
Greatness.
Well we continue to highlight some of the stars around the NFL that earned ESPY nominations this year.
The amazing moment from Drew Brees is up for the ESPY for best record breaking performance.
Brees broke the NFL passing record when he passed Peyton Mannings mark of 71940 yards.
Victor you made this point yesterday and its true.
I think last year was his best bet at winning the MVP.
He just had this pesky little Patrick Mahomes who did things that just didnt seem possible to keep Brees from winning that award.
Exactly and then how do you amass such a monumental record like this on an illustrious career that hes had and not win the league MVP one time?
I mean obviously Peyton Manning won a couple of those Tom Brady all those tremendous players.
But hes gotta get it one time.
Hes putting numbers up each and every year.
I think theres years that he kinda just goes under the radar out there in New Orleans with those play makers and everybody hes got.
I think this is the year where hes like you know well put a nice pretty little red bow on this career and put an NFL league MVP under my belt and get back to the big dance hopefully and keep things going.
So in fairness he has been a Superbowl MVP.
Two time offensive player of the year.
But the Hall of Fame quality quarterback that Drew Brees is you would like to see him go.
Although I know hed take another Lombardi trophy any day of the week.
Now that you cant dispute.
But at least give him one league MVP.
Hes earned it.
Well show you why how about this.
How about the best of the best of Drew Brees.
Victor This is vintage right here.
Wendi Yeah vintage 04 he was at Georgia.
Play action deep to Eric Parker breaks a tackle for a 79 yard touch down.
Victor I like it showing that arm off real early.
Wendi Black and white there.
Victor Real pixelated grainy I love it.
Mike Pixelated?
Wendi There you go 2014 against the Packers.
Brees steps up just lays this one perfectly into the arms of Brandon Cooks.
A 50 yard touchdown strike.
Victor What a dime.
Mike You know what else is great?
Wendi That is a dime.
Mike Hes stepping up in the pocket.
A lot of times you see younger quarterbacks step up in the pocket and just check it down.
Hes stepping up in the pocket and keeping his eyes down the field puts so much pressure on a defense.
Victor Teach tape.
Wendi 06 against the Bengals.
The handoff here its a flea flicker.
Victor Love it.
Wendi And then Joe Horn there between two defenders a 72 yard touchdown.
And its that kinda arm that we see.
And thats Victor Cruzesque right there.
Victor I like it Joey.
Wendi Moving now to the modern dayVictor I miss the cellphone Joey.
Wendi Against the Panthers.
Brees here to Ted Ginn in the end zone.
49 yards right there.
Victor The consistency that were seeing here is with hes not even being touched.
Theres barely even people around him while hes making these throws.
Thats indicative to the type of team hes been around that offensive line taking good care of him.
Wendi 06 NFC championship Saints and Bears.
Brees here to Reggie Bush.
Mike Thats a great example of a really effective quarterback play.
Sometimes you have to throw it as hard as you can.
That was a great touch throw.
He led the running back who takes it all the way but what touch he has.
And thats such an underrated aspect of playing quarterback.
Wendi Then 2016 against the Raiders.
The longest career pass is this a 98?
Victor Yep.
Wendi Oh hes got theIm sure he wishes he was one yard back.
Wendi Well hes got a little yards after catch here.
To Brandin Cooks an incredible career.
Certainly I think the Hall of Fame.
Victor Gotta miss him on that one.
And perhaps a future NFL MVP.
You can vote on the ESPYS right now at ESPYS.com.
Again Brees up for record breaking performance along with three other moments including Klay Thompsons record for three pointers in a game with 14.
All right we gave you our opinion but who are you crowning the NFL Highlight King?
Is it Mahomes Saquon Kyler?
Dennis Green lets us know whats happening next.
Now if you wanna crown em you crown their but they are who we thought they were.
Whats up Marquise this is Juice.
Listen its not about height.
Its about heart.
It breaks through walls and outruns demons.
Commentator Show time!
It outworks everybody.
When they see that they aint gonna know what to do with you.
Commentator Lights camera action.
Announcer The Baltimore Ravens select Marquise Brown.
Bless em my boy.
Mother Look make a wish.
I wish for a Biggie Bag from Wendys.
I wish everyone loved each other and was allThat was a great wish Jimmy.
Announcer Get a bacon double stack with a quarter pound of fresh beef nuggets fries and a drink for just five bucks.
Wendys Biggie Bad is everything you could wish for.
ocean waves sounding with seagulls flying Yow!
Music Summer nights Music Music Keepin me up Music Music I wanna waste time Music Music Just lookin at the sky Music Music Full of stars mind wanderin far Music Music Like were 16 Music Music Dreamin in the dark Music Music Love the wind in my hair Music Music As I drive my car Music Music It makes me feel free Music Announcer Now get exceptional offers at the Infiniti plus summer sales event.
Announcer In every trip theres room for more than just the business you came for.
Whether thats keeping up with what you always do or training for something youve never done before.
Thats room for possibility.
So I can buy from Enterprise car sales and youll take any trade in?
Thats right.
Great.
There you go!
Well it does need to be a vehicle.
But I need this out of my house.
With fair transparent value for every trade in Enterprise makes it easy.
Announcer Tecate bold on the outside.
Light on the inside.
Before we get down to slinging we like to set the mood.
Dim the lights put on some musk.
And take a circ saw to our old equipment.
Announcer Get live TV.
Only 15 bucks for your first month at slingtv.com.
Mother Look make a wish.
I wish for a Biggie Bag from Wendys.
I wish everyone loved each other and was allThat was a great wish Jimmy.
Announcer Get a bacon double stack with a quarter pound of fresh beef nuggets fries and a drink for just five bucks.
Wendys Biggie Bag is everything you could wish for.
Commentator Double fault by Crawford gives the title to Perry sixthree.
Announcer Lift off we have lift off.
Female Radio Voice Saturated colors now means Wimbledon can be seen in all its glory.
Commentator Have gone back to the champions of champions.
Commentator Its a Wimbledon moment.
Male Radio Announcer Roger Federer really is the glory.
Female Radio Announcer Mars rover has landed.
Commentator It is sensational.
Second Commentator The waiting is over.
Third Commentator And another golden moment from Wimbledon.
Announcer NFL Live is brought to you by Geico.
15 minutes could save you 15 percent or more on car insurance.
Victor Im all about it.
Wendi Canadian football league action Thursday on ESPN.
Its the three and oh Hamilton TigerCats taking on the Montreal Alouetttes at 730 eastern.
To get ESPN plus download the ESPN app or visit us at ESPNplus.com.
Do not forget Sports Center at 600 eastern after the Get Up NBA free agency special with Kevin Negandhi and Michael Eaves.
Theyll have the latest on Kawhis deciding factors.
Plus reaction and analysis from the US Women their semifinal against England.
And of course day two at Wimbledon.
Sports Center 600 eastern on ESPN and the ESPN app.
Everybody stated their case.
Its not a real ESPY but were handing one out.
The NFL Highlight King and Dianna Russini who made the case for Patrick Mahomes.
I dont know guys I happen to agree.
Victor Its the quarterbacks man.
Wendi The man is a highlight machine.
Im throwing a challenge flag here.
I wanna challenge flag here.
Were talking about the NFL right?
We havent had any NFL plays yet for Kyler.
So were in the wrong category we got the right player maybe in the wrong category.
So you were saying you were handicapped from the get go?
It was tough.
OK no crying in the big leagues Mike.
So put the pressure on you then.
So are you going with team Victor with Saquon Barkley or team Dianna Russini with Patrick Mahomes?
Im a free agent Im going with the highest bidder.
OK well see how it works.
Well talk off screen.
Listen July 4th holiday.
We wanna say a special thank you to all our men and women serving around the world.
We appreciate you.