
Spokesperson Presidents Day sales event.
Plus get up to 125 of KBB with EasyTrade.
Limited time savings are here during our Presidents Day sales event.
Music Sheehy.com Music Track the winter weather with me and search for the WUSA9 app in your app store.
Were gonna time out hour by hour when the snow moves in and well time out hour by hour when it turns to sleet and freezing rain.
This is just a terrible tragedy.
I mean children are so scarred by this crime.
Do you think Bryce Harpers coming back?
You know part of me says no and a part of me says yes.
Hello Im Bruce Johnson thanks for joining us.
Welcome to OffScript.
Got lots to talk about.
I sat down with noted scholar and Jesuit priest Father Thomas Reese earlier today for an important conversation about sexual abuse in the Catholic Church.
That interview coming up but first we need to bring you up to date on the weather.
A red weather alert heres Topper Shutt.
Yeah and I want to emphasize we have trimmed the snowfall totals a little bit.
That doesnt diminish the impact of the storm.
Its sort of like focusing of the hurricane just on winds it has other elements that are dangerous and this certainly does to with sleet and freezing rain.
Three to five inches plus.
Gattersburg Frederick Leesburg Martinsburg up towards Hagerstown into the mountains.
One to three in the immediate metro area including D.C.Chevy Chase Buoy Bethesda down to the south southern Maryland not as much.
You were never gonna have that much anyway.
A trace to an inch your cold air is just simply lacking a little bit.
So what does that mean?
Well it still means that the roads are gonna be a disaster as we get into Wednesday morning.
RPM up to its old tricks again going seven inches.
Everybody else has a grasp on reality around two inches to three inches.
Which is where we settled on in the metro area.
So what do we know?
Well we know that snowfall will be moderate to heavy six a.m.to noon and the roads will become very treacherous.
And when it starts its gonna pick up in intensity quickly and its going to accumulate very quickly.
The snow will go to a mix north and west in the afternoon.
And it will go to rain D.C. south and east in the afternoon.
And if we can get through the day itll turn to all rain tomorrow night.
After some morning showers on Thursday we pop back in the 50s.
Look how much moisture is headed our way.
If this system were about 300 miles off to the east wed be looking at another a little blizzard.
But were not so five oclock in the morning.
Little bit of snow breaking out in part of the metro area.
Temps upper 20s low 30s becomes pretty much heavy to moderate across the entire metro area.
This is by seven oclock on Wednesday.
The temps are still 29 30 degrees.
By the time we get to ten oclock we still have heavy snow across the metro area.
And then it begins to mix and change right around the lunch hour.
We will come back.
We will talk about how much ice could accumulate behind the snow and who we think are most likely for power outages.
Okay lets talk some baseball here.
Manny Machado is getting 300 million.
What will Bryce Harper get?
Reports tonight say Machado has agreed to sign with San Diego Padres.
Contract reportedly worth 300 million over ten years.
The deal is reported to be pending the results of a physical.
The former Baltimore Orioles and LA Dodgers infielder is slated to play third base for the Padres.
Now the attention turns to Bryce Harper.
Speculation about where hell end up is all over social media tonight.
Will he resign with the Nationals?
Most of us dont think so.
The latest rumors have him going to Philadelphia.
The Nats players already in spring training camp down in Florida.
Darrin Haynes sat down with Nats manager Dave Martinez to talk about Bryce.
How much do you want Bryce on your team?
You know what Bryce and I have a special relationship.
I mean everybody knows that.
Who wouldnt want Bryce Harper on their team?
Honestly I mean hes one of the best young players in the game you know.
And you know for me its all about what he wants now.
You know for his family and his career it really is.
So I mean hes got big decisions to make.
You know but Id be be wrong to say that of course you know anybody would want him on his team.
He makes a big difference.
If Bryce decided hey you know what Im coming back to the Nationals.
What would be your reaction when he walks in the door?
Hey Id be like hey welcome back you know.
Thats it thats it huh.
Time to work you know.
Lets go to work you know .
Do you think Bryce Harpers coming back?
You know part of me says no and a part of me says yes.
You know you just the way this game is you just dont you really dont know.
Which way are you leaning towards?
I you know what I honestly I like I said I cant I cant lean either way.
Its so weird because of you know.
You know like I said you know and I try to you know I try like say hey you know what this is what I gotta do today you know.
I gotta lead 59 guys tomorrow morning.
Get up at six oclock get to that ballpark and get the day going you know.
My focus is on the day at hand and the here and now and thats kind of what I worry about.
Eat your food man.
Thanks Darrin.
Is Martinez playing us?
How does he not know?
Joining me to discuss all this column is Mike Wise.
How does he not know what Bryce is gonna do?
I think I dont know if he does because I think theres this big question mark here.
Manny Machado just signed for the largest free agent deal in the history of American sports not just baseball.
And theres a big pressure on Scott Boras who is Bryces agent to go at least one dollar over that.
The Nationals have already offered 300 million.
I dont know if that offer is even there any more for ten years.
So this is I think what Dave Martinez is thinking is has Ted Lerner broke his dependency with Scott Boras whom hes got all this he had a bunch of his clients before.
Can he say no to Scott Boras this time.
And I think thats gonna be the question.
Personally I kind of want Bryce to stay.
I really do I think hes QRating in town.
Hes star power.
We like stars.
I mean he puts people in the seatsWe do like stars.
He puts jerseys on the kids backs.
That sort of thing.
But what do you think?
Whatcha got?
My gut is that the Phillies are gonna offer something so enormous.
One person said nine years 367 million.
I dont know if thats gonna happen or not.
I do know that the Nationals will be given a chance to counter.
I cant see them going over 350 million I just cant.
You know just based on their payroll just based on what theyve got committed already.
But I dont know you know I dont know.
That could be a wild card.
What you havent mentioned the Nats already have a team.
They have somebody in Bryces position right now.
Does that matter?
They have Robles they got Juan Soto those are guys that are gonna definitely take his spot at the plate.
Theyre not gonna be Bryce Harper.
Bryce Harper was a live wire.
He was like a hand grenade.
He was a you didnt know when he was gonna explode.
And we dont need to see him.
And he was the most exciting thing in sports in Washington for a while.
And we dont nee to see him in a Phillies uniform.
They already bring thousands of fans down here every time they play the Nats.
Philly fans are the worst.
Ha!
And I love you Selika.
I know you I work with you Philly fans are the worst.
All right okay she works here.
All right Mike Wise thanks a lot man appreciate it.
All right.
Okay flip the page.
Sexual abuse scandals have shaken the Catholic Church at its core.
For us it starts here in Washington D.C.where former cardinal and Archbishop Theodore McCarrick has been defrocked by the Pope.
He is now only Mr.McCarrick and living in a remote monastery somewhere out there in the Midwest.
To Argentina where the New York Times is reporting deaf children were sexually abused for years by the priests who should have been caring for them.
You probably now that Pope Francis this week will begin a summit of bishops and cardinals who have been called to Rome to fix this.
But can they will they?
Today I talk with Father Thomas Reese.
Hes a noted Jesuit priest and scholar who is on his way to Rome.
Father Reese first off tell me why youre going to Rome right now.
Im going to Rome because the Pope has called a meeting of the top bishops from around the world to come and talk to him about the sex abuse crisis.
He wants to emphasis to them how important it is to protect children and their responsibility to do that.
And I think hes gonna make the point that if they dont if theyre not responsible hes going to hold them accountable.
So this is gonna be an important meeting for the Catholic Church because its the first meeting like this thats ever happened.
Yeah lets talk about some of the headlines.
I mean just today the Washington Post is reporting that deaf children were sexually abused by priests in Argentina.
What do you make of this?
Is this gonna come up in Rome?
This is I mean this is just a terrible tragedy.
I mean children are so scarred by this crime.
This abuse that they suffer under.
And thats why the church has to have a policy to deal with it.
You know in the United States weve had a zero policy on abuse of children.
And in fact in the church weve had this policy of zero tolerance.
So that anybody any priest involved in abuse is removed from the priesthood and could never act as a priest again.
Now the second part is to make sure that all the bishops implement this policy.
Make it happen and thats gonna be an important message at this meeting.
Father Reese talk to me about the apparent hypocrisy in all of this.
Its come out today in a New York Times article that the Vatican has a book has rules on what to do with children who are fathered by priests.
Who knew?
Well I think that the actually when you look at the document from the reports that Ive seen the emphasis in the document is on the priests responsibility for his child.
Pope Francis has said this in the past.
He said that even before he became Pope.
And that is that if a priest fathers a child then he has a responsibility as a father.
Not you know financial responsibility and also just as a father.
As a paternal responsibility and that that responsibility supersedes his responsibility to be a priest.
And he needs to leave the priesthood and raise that child.
Bruce Coming up my conversation with Father Thomas Reese continues.
Were gonna talk about gay priests.
Announcer Ovechkin shoots and scores.
TV Personality Come cheer on your Washington Capitals at Capital One Arena.
Announcer Saved one by Holtby.
Lets go Caps!
TV Personality Single game tickets are on sale now.
Announcer And he scores!
TV Personality For more information call 202266CAPS or visit washcaps.comtickets.
Capital One cardholders receive a 10 discount.
Woman Update your floors with Lunas 50 room sale.
Buy one room get floors for all other rooms for just 50 each.
So when you buy one room its only 50 for laminating the kitchen.
50 for carpet in the bedroom and 50 for hardwood in the office.
Theres not limit.
Buy one room and its 50 for floors in each additional room.
Visit luna.com or call Music 877 241 LUNA Music Man Fourth of July has its fireworks.
Christmas gifts.
But what about Presidents Day?
Lets just say the voters will be very happy.
Announcing our best offers on Americas best selling brand.
You gotta love democracy.
Salesman Through February 28th only get 4000 total cash on select Ford SUVs.
Hurry to your local Ford dealers for best selection during the Presidents Day sales event.
Man Get ready to crave Checkers and Rallys because Texas toast garlic bread.
Four of the greatest words ever.
Put that toast on two juicy patties with all the fixins for a classic double.
Or cover it with crispy onions dripping with sweet smokey barbecue.
Then drop the garlicky buttery mic.
Because you just won at eating.
For only 2.99 new Texas Toast Garlic Bread Doubles.
Checkers and Rallys.
Fast foodies know the deal.
Dont go through another cold winter this year with those old open top gutters that clog freeze warp and fall off your home.
Eliminate climbing the ladders to clean the gutters especially in the winter time.
Look at LeafGuard.
The only one piece rainwater management system.
20 thicker than the competition 50 bigger downspouts.
Ask about our clog free guarantee.
And now would be a great time to give us a call to take advantage of these special winter savings on LeafGaurd.
Its our 606060 sale.
Look at the 60 off labor if you call right now.
Were gonna work it out to fit your budget.
Payments as low as 60 a month and if you call in today you get a 60 Visa gift card with the purchase of LeafGuard.
Take a look at LeafGuard.
The water goes in keeps out the leaves pine needles and other debris with a lifetime transferable warranty.
And if you call now you get a 25 Lowes gift card with your complimentary inhome estimate.
Pick up the phone and call LeafGuard today.
Welcome back to OffScript.
The Pope has summoned church leaders from around the world to meet at the Vatican as the church is now in crisis.
Will they address the issue of gay priests?
Lets continue the conversation with noted Jesuit priest and scholar Father Thomas Reese.
Its a Skype interview and this part of the connection wasnt as clear but we think its that important.
What about the whole issue of gay priests?
I was in the seminary a hundred years ago there were 13 guys in my class.
Only one went the entire 13 years and became a priest and I know that John was gay okay.
Weve known all along that there are gay priests.
If it were up to a lot of Catholics there would be openly gay priests.
There would be women priests.
There would be married priests who could then have children.
When is the Church gonna come to this or is this just wishful thinking?
The first important thing to say is that there are a lot of wonderful gay priests in the priesthood.
Priests who gay priests who observe their vow of celibacy and are very good pastoral priests.
We dont wanna mix up the issue of gay priests with the issue of sexual abuse of minors.
And I you know that needs to that point needs to be made.
But I agree with you.
I think we need more honesty in the church.
For example the US bishops have never allowed anybody to survey priests to find out you know what percentage of them are gay.
Weve got estimated from I mean all over the place.
And nobodys got any real data.
The one fact we do know is that there are gay priests there and most of them you know are good priests who observe their promise of celibacy and are good for the church.
Do you expect anything to come of this meeting or is this just gonna be more window dressing?
Thomas I think that most Americans are gonna be disappointed with this meeting.
Because we would like to see policies and procedures set up and structures to hold bishops accountable.
I think the truth of the matter is that this meeting is primarily for other countries where bishops are in total denial.
They dont think they have this problem.
They think this is an American problem.
And basically the message we want to take to these bishops is dont make the same mistakes that the American bishops made.
You know get your act together now.
Remove these bad crazies and reach out and help the victims in healing.
But Father Reese its not just the priests were seeing Theodore McCarrick right here in Washington.
Who has become the poster child for this kind of abuse.
So its not just the priests the bishops are being asked to police themselves.
Are they not?
No I think that you know this is very important and needs to be dealt with.
McCarrick because he was a retired bishop you know they brought the information to the Vatican and the Vatican said okay treat him just like you would a priest of the archdiocese of New York.
So his case was investigated.
They hired a forensic research team.
The information was presented to the lay review board and they said the accusations were credible and substantiated and he was removed from you know he was removed.
And he had to resign his being a cardinal and now hes been removed from the priesthood.
Hes not now he can no longer be Father McCarrick or Bishop McCarrick he is Mr McCarrick.
Bruce Yeah.
He can never act as a priest again.
Bruce Yeah.
This is exactly what should happen.
Father Reese good luck on your trip.
Look forward to your reporting.
Thank you good to be with you.
And Washingtons current Archbishop Donald is obviously leaving.
We dont have any word tonight on who will succeed him.
If youre just tuning in and you missed part one of our interview both segments will be posted on wusa9.com right after this broadcast.
Its an important conversation so you wanna make sure to check it out.
Coming up.
Topper Shutt issuing a red weather alert for tomorrow.
Hell have the very latest timeline on when you should be off the roads.
Coming up next.
Man Tonight What do we got?
Man NCIS has a surprise so good missing it would be criminal.
Your computer is trying toTake down the Department of Defense.
Man New NCIS then.
Looks like a professional hit.
Man The search for answers leads to more questions.
Who hired you?
Man A new FBI after a new NCIS CBS tonight.
Man Tonight.
If you get this send help!
Man One journalist under siege when conspiracy uncovered.
We got another to go on.
Man NCIS New Orleans tonight.
Announcer Fourth of July has its fireworks.
Christmas gifts.
But what about Presidents Day?
Lets just say the voters will be very happy.
Announcing our best offers on Americas best selling brand.
You gotta love democracy.
Through February 28th only get 4000 total cash on select Ford SUVs.
Hurry to your local Ford dealers for best selection during the Presidents Day sales event.
Woman Dinnertime Drew.
Youre just going to begin tomorrow.
Told you moving wont be so bad.
Yep.
Later dude.
Man Whatever tomorrows technology youll be ready because Cox is building a new gig speed network to bring you the internet of the future.
This Presidents Day theres big news at Nissan now.
No brand received more J.D.
Power initial quality awards for cars and trucks than Nissan.
That means that people love their new Nissans.
So were thanking you with big savings on our lineup including Rogue with ProPilot Assist.
Announcer For a limited time save up to 3500 on the 2019 Rogue or the 2019 Sentra.
Get a Nissan now before these offers are yesterdays news.
Clogged gutters this winter can do more damage to your home than you realize from the door jams to your landscaping.
Thats why more and more homeowners are making the switch to LeafGuard the gutter that never clogs guaranteed.
Take advantage of our 606060 sale.
60 off labor payments as low as 60 a month 60 Visa gift card is a bonus with purchase.
And if you call right now 25 Lowes gift card with your complimentary in home estimate from LeafGuard.
Call today.
Track the winter weather with me and search the WUSA9 app in your app store.
Alright were looking at a red weather alert for the snow for the sleet and also for the freezing rain.
All right here is a look at our snowfall maps.
Three to five Leesburg Gaithersburg Frederick points north and west.
In the metro one to three.
These are a little lower than yesterday.
Yes because were thinking more sleet and less snow and then to Southern Maryland yall never had that much coming anyway trace to an inch there.
Notice theres a plus sign out here.
Some of you folks in that band could get conceivably over five inches of snow which is gonna be a problem as it kicks to rain.
So were kinda worried about that.
Well get back to this in a second.
Look but we look forward to 66 on Sunday.
We gotta get through some things to get there.
So here we some.
All right GFS European model.
Pretty much in agreement with us around three inches downtown.
That seems reasonable look at the moisture.
This is crazy.
I mean for Wichita Kansas all the way to Cape Hatteras it was snow extending up into Iowa and also South Dakota and Nebraska.
Thats a big storm.
So on the broadometer I do kind of reserve these for pure snows but because this is gonna be a legitimate snow with some sleet and freezing rain and enough snow on the front end too.
Thatd be plowable and sledable.
In terms of the impact well we know its coming so hopefully folks will just stay off the road but nonetheless still were gonna give it a 3.5 in the impactometer as well.
So its certainly a legitimate storm.
Now I have updated this this is on our website.
I just tweeted this out.
In terms of power outages and heres why I did this.
Isolated along I95 and points west unlikely east and then scattered out in Cumberland Romney and Hagerstown where we think significant icing will occur.
But heres the deal either where icing wont occur if we get three inches of snow in DC plain old fashioned rain will add to the weight of that snow and could bring down limbs as well.
So we may see power outages not just confined to those areas that pick up ice.
Alright this is one model most of the ice far to the west and not that bad Petersburg three tenths and about two tenths in Romney.
We can probably handle that.
This is gonna be tough.
This is now almost an inch of ice outdoor Cumberland three tenths Leesburg three tenths Gaithersburg that would cause some power outages no doubt.
Why is it not a pure snow?
Well we start out with the pure snow cause this column of air is all below freezing.
But then we get warm air as it moves into the middle layers of the atmosphere either becomes sleet which is the bouncy pieces of ice but freezing rain is what were most concerned about falls liquid and then just freezes on contact.
So this hasnt changed too much from yesterday.
We adjusted the time a bit.
Heavier snows 6 a.m.to noon.
Roads will become dangerous.
It will start quickly become intense quickly and accumulate quickly.
It will go to a mixed north and west in the afternoon.
It will go to rain DC south and east in the afternoon.
And heavy rain possible overnight and then showers then were in the 50s on Thursday.
How about that?
So 6 a.m.tomorrow theres a snow across most of the metro area.
Notice the shades of blue the darker the blue heavier snow.
Pretty much thumping at nine oclock no doubt but that begins to turn as we get toward the lunch hour especially down to the south and then just plain old rain DC south and east by about three oclock.
Some lingering freezing rain north and west until the evening so here we go.
Red alert on Wednesday 56 morning showers Thursday and then nice on Friday 54.
In terms of the snow once again were looking again three to five north and west and one to three in the metro and about trace to an inch south and east.
Bruce will be back after this.
Narrator Next ET Mirandas wedding secrets unveiled plus Megans baby shower in New York and Im exclusively in London with Victoria Beckam.
Narrator Next ET.
Woman Tonight at 730 on WUSA9.
Im looking at that truck.
Wow.
Thats awesome.
Man Everyone is excited about the all new award winning Chevy models.
Theyre all really cool cars.
I love it.
I cant stop staring at it.
Man See what the excitements all about at your local Chevy dealer and take advantage of a great deal like this.
Current qualified competitive lessees can lease this Malibu for around 179 a month or current GM owners get 4250 total cash allowance on most Malibu models when you purchase and finance with GM Financial.
Music Pay the price Music You pay too much.
Music O loving you Music For your glasses they charged you too much.
Who?
Practically anyone who isnt Americas Best wear two pairs and a free exam for just 69.95.
That sounds good.
Music to your ears.
Speaking of do you wanna join?
Im not really a singer.
Do you whistle?
Man Its not just a better deal its Americas best.
Never overpay even with insurance.
Get more with your vision insurance dollars at Americas Best.
Sorry.
We all know how it can be to go to the wrong place for transmission repair.
My bleep dealer should just fix this transmission.
Man So dont risk it take it to the experts at AAMCO.
Just to shift to Illinois no biggie.
bleep is Illinois?
Man AA hooting MCO.
Check engine light on well check it for free.
Hi Ron Sherman back again for LeafGuard.
They tell us that thousands of accidents happen each day nationwide up on ladders.
Its really dangerous in the wintertime and they say us folks over 60 have more than our fair share of ladder accidents.
So let me keep you safe with LeafGuard.
The only one piece rainwater management system with a clog free guarantee.
The ladder the extension ladder slipped out from under me and I wound up upside down hanging from my leg on the extension ladder and that wasnt too good.
We can give you peace of mind with LeafGuard.
Look at LeafGuard the gutter the never clogs guaranteed.
Take advantage of our 606060 sale.
Its not too late to get LeafGuard on your home this winter.
60 off labor payments as low as 60 a month 60 Visa gift card with purchase.
25 Lowes gift card with your estimate if you call right now during this program last chance.
Pick up the phone and call LeafGuard today.
Because of the wintry weather were expecting the Wake Up Washington team will be on early tomorrow.
Were talking 4 a.m.with the latest on conditions and closings because of the storm.
Im on Twitter at brucejohnson9 Facebook Bruce Johnson WUSA9.
Well see you back here tomorrow.
Have a great evening everybody bye.
Woman Youve been watching WUSA9 news.
With a weather forecast rated most accurate for the last seven years.
Heres your Buick sir.
Actually thats my Buick.
Your Buick doesnt have a roof rack?
This is my Buick.
How are we gonna fit your moms Buick?
Easy.
I like that new Buick.
Me too.
I was actually talking about that Buick.
I knew that.
Did you?
Man Buicks fresh new lineup is full of surprises.
Get great deals on our expectation shattering lineup.
Pay no interest for 72 months on most Buick models.
Man Stay warm and cozy with gasfireplaces.com.
Cyprus Airs Presidents Day Sale is here.
Convert your wood burning fireplace to gas and get up to 80 off with installation as early as next week.
Visit your nearest showroom or schedule a free in home visit online at gas.fireplaces.com.
Woman Stronger is rebuilding a newborns heart and restoring a fathers faith.
Its standing tall after one surgery not six.
Stronger is being a typical kid despite a rare disorder.
Stronger is finding it earlier and coming home sooner.
Stronger is seeking answers and not giving up until you find them.
Because we dont just want your kids to grow up we want them to grow up stronger.
Announcer Tonight.
Meghan Markles baby shower.