
Leave their bar and youre toasted or you hit somebody.
Theyre coming to find out where the last place you were was.
And I feel like sometimes you know this is a wake up call.
Do your homework.
Joy Yeah.
For everybody dont just cause it looks like its gonna be good and you think theyre gonna be there probably theyre not gonna be so maybe want to save your money and do something better.
People lost over 20 million.
Yeah its its a lot of dough for folks.
Meghan 26 thats a lot.
Yeah.
There we are well be back.
Announcer Former Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz says he may run for president as an Independent.
How does he answer critics who say hell derail Democrats and hand Trump a victory?
Hes live on The View next.
Were doing karaoke later and youre gonna sing.
Jamie this is your house?
I know its not much but its home.
Right kids?
Kids?
Papa papa.
You didnt tell me your friends were coming.
Oh yeah.
This one is tiny like a child.
Yeah she is.
Ah but seriously its good to be surrounded by what matters most a home and auto bundle from Progressive.
Oh Sweetie please play for us.
Oh no I couldnt.
Okay.
My gums are irritated.
I dont have to worry about that do I?
Actually you do.
Harmful bacteria lurk just below the gum line.
Announcer New Crest Gum Detoxify works below to neutralize harmful plaque bacteria and help reverse early gum damage.
Gum Detoxify from Crest.
Announcer People everywhere are confusing Quilted Northern for robes.
Theyre cushiony comforting and add elegance to your home.
But Quilted Northern is not a robe.
Its just really nice toilet paper.
When I walked through a snow storm for a cigarette thats when I knew I had to quit.
For real this time.
Thats why Im using Nicorette.
Announcer Only Nicorette Gum has patented dualcoated technology for great taste plus intense craving relief.
Every great why needs a great how.
What about this guy?
This guys been through a lot.
Announcer Dogs bring out the good in us.
Pedigree brings out the good in them.
Feed the good.
Hi this is Jonathan.
Im Karen.
Im Lisa.
Announcer Looking for a real relationship?
Im looking for a woman whos trusting funny and kind.
I cant wait to meet somebody who loves dogs as much as I do.
Definitely would like to meet someone special.
Announcer Check out Match right now for free.
Announcer Sometimes the pressures of todays world can make it tough to take care of yourself but Natures Bounty has innovative ways to help you maintain balance and help keep you active and well rested because hey tomorrows coming up fast.
Natures Bounty because youre better off healthy.
Announcer LOreal Paris introducesWoman Rouge Signature.
Matte Color Ink less texture more color.
Woman Less excess more impact.
Announcer All day matte bare lip sensation.
Rouge Signature.
Matte Colored Ink by LOreal Paris.
Were worth it.
Announcer For a nasty cold take new DayQuil Severe with Vicks VapoCOOL.
Woman Man drinks DayQuil.
Announcer And vaporize it with an intense rush of Vicks vapors.
Woman Man breathes easier with Vicks VapoCOOL.
Announcer New DayQuil Severe with Vicks VapoCOOL.
The daytime coughing aching stuffy head vaporize your cold medicine.
Announcer Lunchtime on Strahan and Sara Snoop hangs with Michael things got well you know.
Youre crazy Mike.
Announcer Plus the Sharks are here.
Strahan and Sara lunchtime on ABC.
Announcer Stronger is rebuilding a newborns heart.
And restoring a fathers faith.
Its standing tall after one surgery not six.
Stronger is being a typical kid despite a rare disorder.
Stronger is finding it earlier and coming home sooner.
Stronger is seeking answers and not giving up until you find them.
Because we dont just want your kids to grow up we want them to grow up stronger.
GEICO makes it easy to help when you need it with licensed agents available 247.
Its not just easy its having a walrus in goal easy.
Its a walrus.
Ridiculous.
Yes nice save big guy.
Good job Duncan way to go.
Announcer Its not just easy its GEICO easy.
Coach Duncan stay up no sleepies.
Announcer Ready to conquer winter?
Then it has to be a Honda SUV.
More capable with an available turbo charged engine and real time all wheel drive.
More safety with Honda Sensing including a collision mitigation system.
And less getting lost.
Get more this winter with a Honda SUV.
2019s best SUV brand.
Right now get a 2019 CRV for just 259 a month.
Dont settle for less than a Honda.
We didnt.
Announcer See your local Honda dealer today.
Music Lets go Music Music Worlds gone crazy Music All right former Starbucks chairman and CEO Howard Schultz was a hot topic here yesterday for saying hes seriously considering running for President as an Independent hisses.
Oh come on.
And hes here to tell us right now why he wants to do that.
Please welcome author of the new book From the Ground Up Howard Schultz.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
So I am gonna ask you about that because I think youve been a lifelong Democrat.
Yes.
Are you not sure that your policies are strong enough to run as a Democrat?
Well I think I would have to be disingenuous to run as a Democrat today but I think the question that Im asking myself and I think many of us are asking ourselves is what kind of country do we want to live in and right now I think its clear that the country we are living in needs significant change not only change because of this president.
Whoopi Right.
But change because of the toxicity and the lack of compromise of both parties and we certainly saw thatWhoopi Right.
And we certainly saw that over the last month.
The president was responsible for closing the government but 800000 people and their families were doing everything possible just to eat and the Democrats as well as Republicans are responsible for that.
All right.
Well I just want to ask quickly what are the Dems too left on you think?
What issues will not divide them?
Well I dont know Senator Harris but listened to her last night say we should abolish the insurance industry as a way to go forward on health care.
That alone would wipe out millions of jobs of Americans and that is the kind of extreme policy that is not a policy that I agree with.
And if you take immigration you take health care what we have is extremes on both sides not representing the large majority of Americans who dont have a voice and what Im saying is lets give the American people a choice and what better expression of democracy and why should we only rely on Republicans and Democrats that have displayed not only the last two years but for decades an inability to do the peoples work.
All right Ill tell you why in a second but.
Okay.
I want to tell people about you a little bit because when I had it over at CNN I ran into Howard on the elevator and I said to him Howard get me a latte.
Hes a Starbucks guy right?
And I was teasing you.
And I went back to my office and next thing I know he shows up I have a picture of it he shows up with a latte.
Now thats a great guy you know what I mean?
That the CEO of Starbucks delivers a latte to me.
Very nice and I also like the fact that you gave insurance to your parttime employees.
That was really sweet I mean thats a little above and beyond.
But but and heres the big but.
Okay.
Michael Bloomberg has said to you dont run and he was thinking of running but then he did the research and he found out he couldnt win so he got out of the race.
The main thing and I said it yesterday that scares me.
Yes.
Is that your entry into this race will guarantee Trump another four years and we cannot have that.
You talk about the Democrats not wanting to negotiate.
They cannot negotiate with a toddler.
If you give him the cookie one day the next day he wants another cookie.
So thats not equal on both sides.
They had to play tough the Democrats with him otherwise he will run amok.
Now your entry into the race pretty much guarantees that a Republican is going to win.
And I know youre much moreJoy I do not agree with you.
I know you dont.
I dont agree with you.
In fact not only do I not agree with you but I think if President Trump runs against a far left progressive liberal Democrat.
But what if he runs against Biden?
Bidens a middle of the road guy.
Biden hasnt come into the race yet.
But just lets finish.
If he runs against a far left progressive person who is suggesting 60 70 tax increases on the rich and a health care system that we cant pay forWhoopi I dont know about that.
President Trump is gonna get reelected.
And all Im saying is let me go out to the country and let the people hear my story.
I grew up in the projects of Brooklyn.
I gave my company comprehensive health insurance equity in the form of stock options free college tuition for every employee and I figured outBut you cant do that with a country.
Well you can.
No listen you because this is the same problem you know who has when you look atWhen you own your companyYes.
You can make these changes as you want them to be.
Right.
When you have to report to the Senate and the Congress and all the 50 million people that come in the middle thats a little bit different and so you know my big problem is I want people to stand up for what they believe in and I think you are youre saying to people I dont think youll hear me unless I speak to you as an Independent.
I think if you believe in what you believe in then stand up for that as a Democrat and then change the party if you feel like that.
As opposed to going elsewhere.
That was what I wanted to finish saying.
Okay.
Can I ask you all one question and maybe even the audience?
Does anyone believe the current system not only the President but the current political system and our government is working well on behalf of the American people?
Not since Obama was elected no.
No.
I do think its the best thing that we have.
I think that it has to do with money in campaigns and money in politics.
And youre a glaring example that as long as youre a billionaire you can run for anything and my problem with politics right now is the influence of money and no shade at you but you do have to be a billionaire to run as an Independent.
Thats why Michael Bloombergs the other example youve given.
Well but you cant buy the presidency.
The American people are gonna decide.
But let me just let make one point.
Can I make one point?
Sure.
In the last three or four presidential elections basically eight battleground states decided the election.
Thats a fact.
Yeah?
Now if an Independent person were to run for president and get on the ballot of all 50 states which if I decide to run we will be on the ballot of all 50 states.
For the first timeHow?
In almost 40 years Ill get there.
For the first time in almost 40 years every state every persons vote will matter.
It wont be eight states.
Itll be a 50 state race.
As opposed to the electoral college?
No butSo its a way of circumventing it?
No its not a way of circumventing it because we could get to 270 because every state will matter but the issue that I thinkEvery state does matter.
Thats why the Electoral College exists.
And I love the primary.
I love primary politics and no disrespect to you but you just went on Gwyneth Paltrows podcast.
Youre here on The View.
All politics I believe should start local.
Why arent you in New Hampshire or Iowa right now?
You know what I wanna ask though I.
Joy Hes selling a book.
I know but if youre running for president which I believe you are I still believe in the sorry Sunny to interrupt you.
I do I truly believe in it.
And I actually think that like if like if you go to New Hampshire which Ive done as have Abby these people take their vote and they take their first in the nation status seriously and the idea that you negate their choice and Im not gonna concede that.
I still am fine with the Electoral College.
I think youre misunderstanding me.
Im not saying anything against the Electoral College.
What Im saying is if its a 50state race you can get to 270 the Electoral College applies.
With regard to New Hampshire and Iowa watch every Democrat go to those states and have to be disingenuous and probably make a false promise about Fenton Hall just to be able to get elected in the primary in those states.
I would have to be disingenuous as a Democrat if I ran as a Democrat because in order to run as a Democrat today you have to fall in line with free Medicare for everybody free free college for everybody a free job for everybody let me finish.
Thats what you just said you gave everybody.
But not free for the for the government and that totals about 40 trillion on top of the fact that we are sitting on a 21 trillion debt in the country today.
We cant afford to do it free so it has to be a different way.
And the different way is corporate responsibility has to fall in line and do more for their people and the communities we serve like Starbucks did and pharmaceutical companies and lobbyists that have been paying these politicians Democrats and Republicans have to stop and can you imagine just imagine for one minute if an Independent person could have a mandate from the country from the people the first one since George Washington to finally say to the system and the special interests it no longer applies that an Independent person can break the logjam of this toxicity that exists in an unwillinglyJoy But thats whereHold on one second were almost done.
Were gonna be talking some more with Howard Schultz when we come back.
Meghan Im sorry.
I can do more to lower my A1C.
Because my body can still make its own insulin.
And I take Trulicity once a week to activate my body to release it like its supposed to.
Trulicity is not insulin.
It starts acting in my body from the first dose and continues to work when I need it 247.
Announcer Trulicity is an injection to improve blood sugar in adults with Type 2 Diabetes when used with diet and exercise.
Dont use it as the first medicine to treat Diabetes or if you Type 1 Diabetes or Diabetic Ketoacidosis.
Dont take Trulicity if you or your family have medullary thyroid cancer youre allergic to Trulicity or have Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia syndrome type 2.
Stop Trulicity and call your doctor right away if have symptoms of a serious allergic reaction a lump or swelling in your neck or severe stomach pain.
Serious side effects may include pancreatitis.
Taking Trulicity with a sulfonylurea or insulin increases your low blood sugar risk.
Common side effects include nausea diarrhea vomiting abdominal pain and decreased appetite.
Do you.