
Its only fitting to say God bless Texas thanks guys.
Amen.
Appreciate it.
Evening everyone and welcome to The Next Revolution.
Im Steve Hilton and this is the home of the positive populism proworker profamily procommunity and of course always but especially on this July the Fourth holiday weekend proAmerica.
And thats where we start tonight.
There was a time when being proAmerica was a given for politicians in both main parties.
Of course President Reagan put it beautifully when he talked of a shining city on a hill.
But I also love Bill Clintons great line Theres nothing wrong with America that cant be fixed by whats right with America.
But this week this July the fourth we saw that those days are gone.
Yes we still have a Republican president who like Ronald Reagan is obviously proud of America and happy to say it to celebrate it but todays Democrats no theyre embarrassed by America.
Far from celebrating America they want to tear it down and turn it into something else.
Thats the background to President Trumps Salute to America on Independence Day the Democrats couldnt wait to attack it.
Donald Trump I believe is incapable of celebrating what makes America great because I dont think he gets it.
He doesnt get it okay look.
Heres some of what the president actually said.
Together we are part of one of the greatest stories ever told the story of America.
It is the spirit daring and defiance excellence and adventure courage and confidence loyalty and love that built this country into the most exceptional nation in the history of the world.
And our nation is stronger today than it ever was before.
I think youll find Joe China that President Trump gets what makes America great than a knackered old swamp creature who took billions of dollars in bribes in the form of payments to his family businesses from Americas number one enemy.
You are the last person to lecture anyone on patriotism hashtag JoeChina.
But it wasnt just him it was all of them.
How dare you celebrate America cried the left its not who we are.
Its just not who we are as Americans.
We dont thump our chest put tanks in the streets fly jets over the Mall to prove our strength.
I think reducing our nation to tanks and shows of muscle just makes us look like the kinda loudmouth guy at the bar.
I think its a waste of money.
Hes having a parade for himself putting tanks out there for himself and if he really cares about the men and women who are serving our nation hed be investing in higher pay better housing better healthcare.
By the way that is exactly what President Trump has done unlike President Obama you total charlatan Kirsten Gillibrand.
But the big point is captured in that smug platitude trotted out there by the ridiculous Eric Swalwell and the rest of the left these days Its not who we are.
For once that told phrase told us something useful about the Democrats this week just not the way they intended.
The proud Americans who stood in the pouring rain in front of the Lincoln Memorial to celebrate their country on July the Fourth know thats not who the Democrats are.
The millions more who watched at home and thought finally we have a president who loves America as much as we do and isnt embarrassed to say so no that is not who the Democrats are.
The Democrats wont celebrate America because their new ideology demands that they denigrate America not least with their reckless divisive lies about concentration camps at the border collusion with Russia and Hitler in the White House.
Todays Democrats are engaged in a concerted effort to smear this country at home and in the eyes of the world.
When they tell you they dont want to celebrate America because its not who we are believe them.
President Trump by contrast laid out exactly why we should celebrate.
The American spirit he talked about on Independence Day has driven some of the most profound human achievements in history from medical breakthroughs to artistic glories to engineering and technological marvels.
American ingenuity has continually confounded what the world thinks is possible.
But why how?
Its not just chance or luck.
There are other countries with other people just as talented and ingenious.
Heres my perspective as a recent arrival.
It is Americas greatest achievement that has made all the others possible and that is the genius framework constructed by the founders and expressed in the founding documents all in service of that simple but revolutionary idea liberty under the law.
Its the guarantee of individual liberty that gave the pioneers the confidence to set out into the unknown that gave the entrepreneurs the belief they could build something better that convinced communities they could govern themselves.
Power to the people decentralized and limited government the rule of law these are the foundation of the American spirit and they have paved the way not only for Americas longlasting democracy but also our worldbeating economic system in which investment innovation and above all success are rewarded not punished.
And look at the difference it makes when we have an administration that believes in those American economic values another incredible jobs report last week incomes rising fastest for those who are left behind under the Democrats record low unemployment and a fairer economy.
For example the gap between white and African American unemployment has shrunk by nearly a half since 2016.
The Obama years gave us lower growth and higher inequality.
With President Trumps proAmerica economics we have the exact opposite higher growth and lower inequality.
But those facts dont matter to the Democrats.
Theyve been captured by an extremist ideology that is fundamentally antiAmerican.
You saw it at their debates the other week and it connects everything their economic policies environmental policies healthcare policies and yes their hysterical reaction to President Trumps Salute to America.
Not celebrating America but denigrating America.
Now power to the people but power for themselves and the bureaucratic elite.
Not decentralized government but everything controlled from Washington D.C.
The Democrats dont want limited government they want endless relentless extravagant intervention by an allknowing allseeing allpowerful state.
And heres perhaps the biggest change from the Democrats of the past.
Todays Democrats dont even want the most vital element of the American inheritance the rule of law.
At their first presidential debate almost all of the 2020 candidates backed the decriminalization of illegal immigration.
On Wednesday one of them Cory Booker escorted migrants towards the US border himself.
Even President Obamas former Homeland Security Secretary now says the Democrats are effectively for open borders.
The Democrats point to the Statue of Liberty and say that immigration control is unAmerican.
But they forget one vital thing its not just liberty its liberty under the law and it is their blatant thuggish assault on the rule of law that is truly unAmerican.
Let me end on a personal note about America.
Im an immigrant here just as my parents were in England after they fled Communism in Hungary.
Ive always been proimmigration how could I be anything else?
But its especially those of us who believe in the virtues and benefits of immigration who should want to see it properly controlled.
Because public consent for immigration depends on government control of immigration.
Thats why immigration has to be done the right way according to the rules.
Thats certainly how Ive done it since I moved here with my family seven years ago and I thought this July the Fourth weekend was a good moment to let you know that Ive now begun the process of applying for U.S.citizenship.
I cant tell you how much I appreciate the opportunities this country has given me and the welcome youve all shown me.
And now Im looking forward one day to celebrating Independence Day as an American if youll have me that is.
Let me know SteveHiltonX and NextRevFNC.
Here now our guests for the night Trump 2020 Campaign Senior Advisor Katrina Pierson and Fox News Contributor former Utah Congressman and author of the new book Power Grab Jason Chaffetz.
All right lots of topics in there immigration the Democrats going nuts.
Where do you wanna start?
Well I think Ill start by saying of course we welcome you.
Thats a relief thank you.
I applaud you on your efforts there.
We need more Americans that fight like you for this country.
But you know I think you have it exactly right.
Theyre not even hiding it anymore Steve.
The Democrats are antiAmerican.
And we see it and weve seen it for the last few years.
They didnt even have a flag during the debate that you mentioned that they had last week on stage.
Theyve been fighting the flag for the last few years.
Theyre antiAmerican period.
50 of Americans are deplorables and the other 50 are just as expendable because their main focus and priority are on the families and children of illegal aliens and foreign nationals on the way.
So I think youre absolutely right.
I think most Americans see that.
And there were Democrats at that event in Washington D.C. who watched this president and who were excited to be there because there are some Democrats left in this country who love it and who support it because it is the United States of America.
It is the best country in the world.
It is exactly why everyone is trying to come here.
Steve Yes thats right and Im one of them exactly.
And its so upsetting when you show clips that you showed what these Democrats were saying.
Frankly in my opinion any presidential candidate that is criticizing saluting America on Independence Day should be disqualified.
I think well said I mean look Jason the Democrats would say thats outrageous were not antiAmerican we just have a different set of ideas about how to bring about change and everything.
But when you actually look at the way theyre running around deliberately distorting and making stuff up to make America look bad and then when you look at the fundamentals of their shift to the left it contradicts something very important about the kind of spirit and soul of this country.
The president believes in American exceptionalism.
I believe in it and yet Democrats are almost embarrassed about the country theyre embarrassed about the flag theyre embarrassed that this president has wrapped himself in the flag I mean literally.
Remember that scene where he came out and he hugged the flag?
But I think thats why the overwhelming majority of Americans love this president because its the one thing thats supposed to draw us together is the flag of the United States of America.
It shouldnt be a partisan issue but the Democrats are choosing to make it a partisan issue and I think they do so at their own political peril.
And I really like the sum of what youre saying in your opening statement which I absolutely loved which is this idea that the rule of law does give us the liberty and we do believe in limited government and there is a fundamental difference between what the Democrats believe in which is more bigger government and what President Trump is fighting for which is to increase our liberties by giving the American people more chances more opportunities and a better economy in which to thrive economically.
Yeah because in the past I think you could say that political debate over policy areas was within a framework that was recognizably American and different from anywhere else in the world.
It was really interesting to me when President Trump had that great line in his speech to Congress This will never be a socialist country.
Anywhere else in the world that would have been a really weird thing to say.
People would have said well maybe it will maybe it wont well see what happens in the election but actually everyone just thought that makes sense here because theres something about the way socialism demands this total centralized government that just is fundamentally antiAmerican.
Well it is and the people in this country wont allow it regardless of how things proceed down the line.
But to Jasons point they were all about big government but its not about big government.
It is about power they just dont say that.
In order to have all of the power they have to have the government as big as possible so that they can control everyone theyll exempt themselves just like theyve always done in the past.
But it is about power and this erratic derangement that we see among the Democrats and in the media although I repeat myself is really coming from this trauma of the November 2016 election.
And they grasp onto this toxicity and thats why you see them constantly attacking innocent people as deplorable and you see them attacking inanimate objects because now theyre unhinged because and we know this to be true because you saw this debate.
You had this plethora of Democrat candidates out there who were saying outrageous things with ridiculously stupid policies and then what do we have today?
President Trumps approval is now the highest its ever been and that gives you a clue on where Americans stand on these issues today.
Well were gonna look Im sorry out of time Jason but were gonna look at the policy shift to the left a bit later in the show.
And I just want to add as well as the debroarahs thing was so deeply revealing of where they are and even though theyre gonna say oh we mustnt make that mistake again and they say oh we must understand the heartland and so on you know they way they talk and act they really look down their nose from a cultural perspective Yep.
Absolutely.
at America even the food they eat and thats why they cant stand Donald Trump because he kinda connects with that and represents that and gives voice to that.
All right before we take a break I have to mention the U.S.womens soccer team winning the World Cup earlier today.
What a great way to close out July the Fourth weekend many many congratulations to the whole squad for a fantastic and inspiring achievement.
After the break the people versus Chief Justice John Roberts.
Yes its gonna be a controversial one dont go away.
Narrator Thanks Golden Corral.
Dan gets a slowsmoked sirloin and my little trio are as happy as shrimp oops clams.
And Mom got it all hook line and sirloin.
The slowsmoked sirloin and shrimp trio.
Golden Corral the only one Group In Unison For everyone.
Dear OxiClean I live on a farm with my hardworking husband two active kids lots of horses and two dogs which means I always have a pile of dirty laundry sweaty stinky laundry.
So when I discovered OxiClean with odor blasters I was excited to give it a try.
I just add a scoop to my laundry and guess what.
There was no odor it was gone.
Thanks OxiClean for making life a lot less smelly.
OxiClean with odor blasters eliminates tough odors.
Fact is every insurance company hopes you drive safely.
But Allstate actually helps you drive safely with Drivewise.
It lets you know when you go too fast and brake too hard with feedback to help you drive safer giving you the power to actually lower your cost.
Unfortunately it cant do anything about that.
Now that you know the truth are you in good hands?
Narrator Its time for our lowest prices of the season on the Sleep Number 360 Smart Bed.
It senses your movement and automatically adjusts to keep you both comfortable.
The queen Sleep Number 360 C4 Smart Bed now 1299 plus free premium delivery when you add a base ends Sunday.
Youve got three minutes to prove how funny you are.
But if you do it your life is about to change.
I get too attached too easily I think thats why I cant go to prison.
Its not so much the showers Im afraid of its just like what if I fall in love you know what I mean?
Music Its real funny Music Kenan with his run on SNL Jeff with standup I get to be the voice of the people.
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas no it dont.
What happens in Vegas turned five in February.
Man Its one of the wildest comedy clubs Ive ever seen.
Narrator Bring the Funny premieres after AGT check your local listings.
Announcer The Kavanaugh hearings exposed new insight into the confirmation that captivated America get cant miss insight from the authors of Justice on Trial Monday on The Story.
Frank!
Frank over here!
Frank Frank.
So Frank you the Big Hurt why do you need Nugenix?
After 40 a guy loses free testosterone even me.
I couldnt stay in shape like I used to.
Frank!
Frank!
So does Nugenix really work?
Yes its the number one selling free testosterone booster at GNC.
Okay great but does it work for you?
Frank Oh yeah my workouts are incredible now.
Im feeling stronger more energetic with a lot more drive.
So say I knew someone who should try Nugenix.
How does he do that?
Its easy just send a text to get a complimentary bottle.
Narrator Franks right now you can claim a complimentary bottle of awardwinning Nugenix by texting ELITE to 369369.
Its unique manboosting formula is powered by Testofen a patented key ingredient clinically researched to help a man feel stronger leaner more energetic and more passionate.
And trust me youll like the difference too.
Narrator Samples are not available in stores so text ELITE to 369369 for a complimentary bottle of Nugenix.
This week the Trump administration announced that it still intends to put a citizenship question on the 2020 census despite an unfavorable ruling in the Supreme Court the previous week which temporarily blocked the plan.
But whatever the arguments about the census question there was an aspect of the ruling and especially the majority opinion from the Chief Justice that will have longlasting and disastrous consequences for the country way beyond the census.
And so tonight its the people versus Chief Justice John Roberts.
The argument used by the Chief Justice to block the citizenship question was that the rationale for the change given by Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is that he was responding to a request from the Justice Department wasnt the real reason.
Documents showed that he was planning to put the citizenship question on the census before the Justice Department request came in.
But so what under the Constitution its an executive branch decision that has long been a legal precedent in this country that the courts cant object to executive branch actions just because there are other reasons for the decision than those stated.
John Roberts has just overturned that precedent and this will have massive and deeply damaging implications for the way things work or rather dont work in America.
In the dissent of the case written by Justice Clarence Thomas and joined by Justices Gorsuch and Kavanaugh he wrote The court has opened a Pandoras Box of pretextbased challenges in administrative law.
All right so what does all this mean in plain English and what does it mean for you?
How many times have you been frustrated that something this administration wants to do has been overruled overturned struck down slowed down or watered down by the courts?
You voted to build the wall but the courts said no.
You voted to defund sanctuary cities but the courts said no.
On DACA on asylum on healthcare on rolling back some regulations even on blocking immigration from failed states with high levels of terrorism the courts said no to policies that you voted for.
All in all unelected judges have ruled against the Trump administration more than 70 times in the last three years way more than the rate for previous administrations.
This is what happens when you vote for a populist revolution.
The establishment tries to overturn it through undemocratic means.
And now this ruling from Chief Justice Roberts will make it all 10 times worse.
From now on any partisan pressure group will be able to take legal action against the administration on all sorts of spurious grounds helping as Justice Thomas says quote partisans to use the courts to harangue executive officers through depositions discovery delay and distraction.
Great thats just what we need an even more politicized judiciary even more roadblocks in the way of actually getting things done that help your life.
The worst of it all is John Roberts own rationale for this his own motive for him it is all about the image of the Court.
Now that hes the swing vote he doesnt want to make his court look partisan.
So the other week he balanced his ruling on gerrymandering with this damaging one on judicial review of executive decisions.
But hes supposed to be the Chief Justice not the chief PR.
Hes supposed to interpret the Constitution not what the media will say about his court.
This ruling will hurt America for years to come.
It should haunt Chief Justice Roberts for the rest of his time on the bench.
But above all it shows the importance of taking his power away by reelecting Donald Trump so he can put Roberts in the minority where he belongs.
Okay tell me what you think of that SteveHiltonX and NextRevFNC.
Jason Chaffetz.
No well said.
I think this is one of the worst decisions and put on a list of bad decisions from Justice Roberts.
I think Clarence Thomas had it right.
You dont want these judges making subjective rulings from the bench based on whatever political whims that they want.
Inherently the legislative branch is political and it will change from time to time but thats okay.
You shouldnt have to state the reason and try to get into the mind and try to be the mind reader of what they were really looking for especially in this case of the census where they have precedent in order to do it.
So I know were gonna talk more about that but really this is a bad decision.
They cant let the courts just try to be mind readers and then subject their own will upon the court.
Thats not what theyre supposed to do.
Yeah I mean the thing is Katrina some people have made the comparison with his decision on Obamacare back in 2012 wasnt it where he basically voted to let most of it stand.
And the real reason people speculated was that he didnt want to look as if he was killing off something that was just a political priority for the thenpresident.
But now for the same kind of reason to sort of oh its all about image hes done something that actually wasnt just a one off thing like Obamacare this will hurt so many different areas of policy and stop people are so frustrated government nothing ever happens this is all just talk and nothing gets done this is why.
Well it is why and it seems like Chief Justice Roberts wants his legacy to be generational destruction.
It was far worse back with Obamacare because it was unconstitutional and at that point in time you had Justice Roberts literally bent over backwards trying to reform the individual mandate into a tax therefore it would be good to go something that our Congress the people who actually represent the people didnt even vote on.
There was no tax that was voted on with Obamacare but oh this is fine lets just push this right on through.
And that has been destructive for generations as weve seen and now here we are with something that to Jasons point its not unprecedented.
This was a question that was on the census before in history so its not brand new its not like the president seizing power of anything and the intent by someone who recommended it now all of the sudden is directing the Supreme Court of the United States?
This is insanity?
Thats what drives me crazy.
Ive worked inside of a government youve obviously been in Con theres so many factors and conversations and meetings and discussions and memos all of that now can be got hold of by any kind of legal challenge of any kind of political decision its a total nightmare.
And there are those of us that are worried that when it goes to the courts they can make that sorta subjective analysis and say well this ones right and this ones not right.
Thats not what theyre supposed to do.
The court is supposed to rule whether or not they can add a question or not it should be that simple.
But theyve opened up this box because I think youre exactly right Steve its not just this case.
It is going to live on in perpetuity and it will create all kinds of problems.
It will empower the court more to make subjective decisions.
And court all the way down this is not just Yes.
You have the state level it just opens up this possibility that you try and get anything done I mean we already know how bad it is its just gonna get worse.
And people are gonna get more disillusioned with politics and government because its gonna get even more impossible to do anything.
Well weve always said that its President Trump against the world and every day we see that to be true more and more over time.
But hopefully the president will be able to move forward on this either through executive action or some other manner to again force this through the court system.
It is common sense a country has a right to know whos in it.
This is not some weird twisted thing that theyre trying to make it out to be.
This is a power grab this is what it is.
The Democrats want as many people in this country as possible because the numbers aside from whether or not theyre citizens gives them the electoral advantage when it comes to distribution of Congressman and they want more of that.
It is all about a power grab thats what its always been.
They dont care about people they dont care about race they dont care about gender they just want the people on their side.
Well there you are so that as you mentioned were gonna be talking more about that aspect of it that was the sort of central ruling.
I wanted to make sure everyone understood the wider implications of the ruling but specific on the census question were gonna be talking about that on tomorrows Deep Dive on Fox Nation go to foxnation.com and sign up if you havent done that already gonna be a great discussion.
All right coming up Senator Josh Hawley on the dangers of China getting their hands on sensitive American technology and the law he introduced to stop it.
Im looking at that truck.
Wow.
Thats awesome!
Narrator This Fourth of July celebrate in a new Chevrolet.
Man Oh wow.
Theyre all really cool cars.
Woman Ooh I love it.
I like those lights.
Look how beautiful this is.
This is amazing.
I cant stop staring at it.
Narrator Spectacular deals are on display now at your local Chevy dealer.
Wow!
Do you love it?
Man Its time to upgrade.
Narrator Now during the Fourth of July Sales Event current GM owners can get over 5600 below MSRP on this Equinox.
The Fourth of July Sales Event ends July 8th.
Lets be honest you dont really talk about your insurance unless youre complaining about it.
You go on about how.
Its so confusing it hurts my brain.
Yeah I hear ya.
Or you say you cant believe.
How much of a hassle it is.
And tell anyone wholl listen.
She said its so expensive.
Tell me about it.
Yes Im telling the people at home.
Thats why Esurance is making the whole experience surprisingly painless so you never have to talk about it unless youre the spokesperson.
Esurance its surprisingly painless.
Introducing the DPR Pulse the worlds first batterypowered trimmer on wheels.
Pop in the 62 volt power pack and youre ready to roll.
Trim along gardens stone walls and fence lines.
Mow down waisthigh weeds.
The DR Pulse is the easiest to use trimmermower ever.
Check out the full line of DRs today.
Narrator For your free buyers guide and DVD call 18005101989 free shipping is now in effect online at DRtrimmer.com Announcer Jimmys gotten used to his whole room smelling like sweaty odors yep hes gone nose blind.
He thinks it smells fine but his mom smells this.
Luckily for all your hardtowash fabrics theres Febreze Fabric Refresher.
Febreze doesnt just mask it eliminates odors youve gone nose blind to.
And try Febreze Unstoppables for fabric with up to twice the fresh scent power youll wanna try it again and again and maybe just one more time.
Indulge in irresistible freshness Febreze Unstoppables breathe happy.
Ride along with the real heroes.
Every call every emergency is a life on the line.
Narrator First Responders Live Wednesdays or anytime on FOX NOW or Hulu.
Narrator Save up to 65 call 1800BEACHES.
I love Rakuten its basically free money.
Woman Its an easy way to earn cash back on the stuff Im already buying.
When you have a child and theyre constantly growing out of clothing earning cash back from Rakuten just makes everything easier.
Its not just 3 sometimes its 8 but youre always getting cash back.
The way cash back works on Rakuten is so they get a commission from the store and then they share that commission with me.
And you have money more money to spend because you got Both Women Free money.
Narrator Go to rakuten.com and sign up today for a 10 bonus.
Announcer Fox News channel on SiriusXM your favorite shows on channel 114 plus every story every 15 minutes Fox News Headlines 247 channel 115.
Welcome back everyone.
Last week I had the chance to talk to Missouri Senator Josh Hawley about his positive and practical plan to protect the U.S.from the China threat take a look.
One of the members of Congress who has been toughest on the threat from China is Senator Josh Hawley from Missouri he joins us now.
Senator Ive been watching what youve been doing and saying on China with great approval Im very excited to talk to you about it.
First of all big picture how would you set out for us the threat from China?
The threat from China is the most significant threat of the 21st century in many ways.
I mean theyve already taken our jobs Steve.
Theyre trying to steal our technology.
Theyre trying to build their military on the back of our middle class.
And its time that we got tough with China I mean we cant continue to allow them to run roughshod over us.
That means getting tough with them on trade.
It means getting tough with them on stealing our technology and stealing our jobs.
One specific aspect I think that youve rightly focused on is the connection between our technology companies and the Chinese military and youve got a specific proposal on that tell us about that.
My proposal is this that Chinese researchers who want to come over to the United States should have to and work on sensitive technologies in our labs should have to go through background screening to make sure that theyre not actually agents of the Chinese government or the Chinese military.
Its just an additional layer of security to make sure that again China is not using their researchers to be spies.
And unfortunately we know that China has tried to do this and by the way so has Russia and so has Iran.
So my bill would put a stop to that.
It would say that youve gotta go through this extra background check if you wanna work on sensitive technology in American labs.
What about the way in which China over the years has really kind of burrowed into our establishment not just academia and the scientific world as youve just described the technology world but honestly when you look at Washington and the Chinese influence through think tanks and lobbying and so on theres one particularly egregious example that weve highlighted on this show which is President Obamas former Head of Cybersecurity now working for Jones Day a law firm in Washington D.C. as a declared lobbyist for Huawei which our government has designated a national security threat.
Dont you think that whole practice of lobbying for a foreign government that is basically a strategic threat to this country should not just be declared as it has been in this case but actually outlawed?
I would say that thats very very concerning Steve and you are absolutely right that the Chinese government the Chinese military has worked to gain access to our universities to think tanks.
They have worked to weaponize in many ways our free system whether its our open trade system which they have cheated at systematically for years or whether its trying to conduct espionage on our own college campuses or whether its forcing American companies who want to do business in China to sign these technology transfer agreements whereby they take all of our tech and then ultimately dont give us access to the market anyway.
So it is time that we realized the threat that China poses to our middle class to our safety and security and got serious about it.
Would you go so far as to say that theres a comparison here with the Cold War and the Soviet Union?
A lot of people are talking in those terms.
And that actually we should really be looking at some kind of systematic disengagement or at least reducing our dependence on China because we would never have made ourselves so economically and technologically and in other ways dependent on the Soviet Union would we?
I think we absolutely need to make sure we are not dependent on China.
And we need to recognize them for what they are which is at best a strategic competitor probably an adversary.
I mean just look right now Steve at how theyre trying to hold hostage farmers for instance farmers in my state making them the focus of retaliation on these tariffs.
Thats the kind of game China plays they cheat and then when you try to hold them accountable they strike back they try to inflict pain.
Weve got to put ourselves in a position to compete with them to win and to protect our people.
All right last question.
So weve been really focusing on one particular individual and his connections to China thats former vice president Joe Biden.
Weve been telling our audience week after week how he is compromised by China while he was vice president billions of dollars from the Chinese state to Biden family businesses.
It seems to me extraordinary that theres no real interest in following this up other than here and a few other places on this channel.
What do you think we should dont you think that this should be properly investigated?
Joe China as I like to call him should be investigated.
Absolutely I think we need to follow the evidence to where it leads and you can see in Joe Bidens comments about China saying that theyre not really a threat saying that they really arent a competitor that we dont have anything to worry about.
I mean Steve the best thing you can say about that is is that its just totally ignorant I mean it is willful ignorance.
China is a huge threat to us and they have been for years.
Look at the jobs that they have taken from American workers from workers in my home state of Missouri and thats the tip of the iceberg.
They wanna be a global superpower at our expense.
We cannot let them.
All right well Im really pleased to see that you recognize this threat for what it is and youre there fighting on behalf of our national interest.
Great to see you this evening thank you Senator.
Thank you.
Coming up a Swamp Watch update.
Billionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein was arrested by the Feds last night.
But what about some accountability from the man who gave him a sweetheart deal?
The details are next.
Uh oh looks like someones still nervous about buying a new house.
Is it that obvious?
Yes it is you know maybe youd worry less if you got Geico to help with your homeowners insurance.
I didnt know Geico helps with homeowners insurance.
Yeah theyve been doin it for years.
What are you doing?
Hey Steve?
Thanks man.
There he is.
Announcer Get to know Geico and see how much you could save on homeowners and renters insurance.
Narrator Every year it all starts in the same place.
Right there right there.
Narrator Training camp.
Get something out of the drill everything we do is for a reason.
Narrator And NFL Network has nine hours of coverage every day.
Man Do the little things right and the big things will take care of themselves.
Narrator With access to all 32 teams.
Nice job that a way!
Narrator Its time to go to work.
Inside Training Camp Live starts July 22nd on NFL Network.
Woman Dear Oxiclean I live on a farm with my hardworking husband two active kids and lots of horses so I use OxiClean with odor blasters.
Just one scoop and odors gone thanks OxiClean.
OxiClean with odor blasters eliminates tough odors.
Priceline will partner with even more Vegas hotels to turn their unsold rooms into amazing deals.
Delegates how do you vote?
Music Yeah yes yes Music Woman That is freaky.
Priceline every trip is a big deal.
Narrator With moderate to severe ulcerative colitis or Crohns your plans can change in minutes.
Your head wants to do one thing but your gut says not today.
If your current treatment isnt working ask your doctor about Entyvio.
Entyvio acts specifically in the GI tract to prevent an excess of white blood cells from entering and causing damaging inflammation.
Entyvio has helped many patients achieve longterm relief and remission.
Infusion and serious allergic reactions can happen during or after treatment.
Entyvio may increase risk of infection which can be serious.
PML a rare serious potentially fatal brain infection caused by a virus may be possible.
Tell your doctor if you have an infection experience frequent infections or have flulike symptoms or sores.
Liver problems can occur with Entyvio.
Ask your doctor about the only GIfocused biologic just for ulcerative colitis and Crohns.
Entyvio relief and remission within reach.
I didnt really know anything about my family history.
Went to Ancestry I put in the names of my grandparents first I got a leaf right away.
A leaf is a hint that is connected to each person in your family tree.
I learned that my 10 times great grandmother is George Washingtons aunt.
Within a few days I went from knowing almost nothing to holy crow Im related to George Washington.
This is my cousin George.
Narrator Discover your story.
Start searching for free now at ancestry.com.
Remember Jeffrey Epstein the hedge fund billionaire who ran a repulsive underage sex pyramid scheme and was handed a cushy plea deal by Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta who was then Florida U.S.Attorney amounting to 13 months in county jail with work release?
In a Swamp Watch last December I called for Acostas resignation for his role in this horrific abuse of justice.
You helped cover up a billionaires pedophile sex crimes on an epic scale.
Now youre in President Trumps cabinet and I think you owe all of us an explanation and an apology.
And if you cant do that its time for you to go.
Well the skeleton in Acostas closet is back in the public eye following Epsteins arrest this weekend on charges of sex trafficking.
So will we finally see some accountability from Alex Acosta?
In my view it really is time for him to go.
Look I think what drives people crazy in this case and in so many others Katrina is this sense that people just do things in their past life moves on its the swamp theres no accountability no ones actually held responsible for things that they did.
Well look I think specifically for this case you literally have to go back to 2002 to really grasp the bizarre circumstances that have surrounded this case and the people around it.
And it is quite disturbing when you look at all of the allegations dozens of women young girls which I have a zero tolerance policy for and I think at this point if you are the story thats a problem.
And I think thats where we are today given the new arrest and well know tomorrow when we see what the actual charges are if these indeed are new.
There are reports that these are new charges new allegations from recent people.
And if that turns out to be true then we probably should look at making some significant changes if this turns out to be what its said to be.
Steve What do you make of it?
I think the Chief of Staff the acting Chief of Staff Mick Mulvaney has probably had some serious discussions with the Labor Secretary.
Serving in the presidents cabinet is a privilege it is not a right.
Every time Ive seen Donald Trump in action when there has been a flare up and there has been something where somebody has gone over the line the president has taken care of this.
I would be surprised in this case if the president allowed it to continue and fester.
Hes taking some op eds and some serious concern from people that are big fans of the president.
I dont see why this person or how this person can continue on.
And I think you were ahead of your time by calling it out in December and its exacerbated by whats going on now.
We should be clear its not anything hes done since President Trump appointed him this is as you said long time ago.
But theres something about it its so egregious its so revolting you just think come on.
Well there you have to deal with it.
And when you continue to make yourself the issue and distract from the presidents agenda you no longer need to be serving there.
And this is not going to go away this case is gonna continue on.
And the coziness and the relationship I think the more people look at how this guy the Labor Secretary dealt with it back then is really bad stuff.
Well you know the argument theyre making is that even through his confirmation hearing there were U.S.Attorney Generals who U.S.
Attorneys who looked at this over three different administrations so there was something maybe we dont know that was going on at that point in time and the government does what the government does and we dont always know why.
But I do think that now if true that these allegations are new and recent then all of those things are gonna be opened.
And at that point either he should say something or step aside so this can play out.
And remember the Labor Secretary is the one thats supposed to oversee human trafficking.
So it just gets even worse because of the fact that thats his job is supposed to be overseeing human trafficking and his record on human trafficking just based on this one case alone is horrific.
Just to sort of wrap that up this guy Epstein you know the real villain of the peace for years it seems hes gotten away with it and looks like finally now in this administration he might be getting the justice he deserves.
All right coming up after this past week its clear the loonies have taken over the Democrat party Loony Left is next.
Last year the internet told IHOP to stick to pancakes.
Well here they are pancakes with all natural Black Angus beef.
Isnt that right Mister Pancake?
Sing Song Voice Its a pancake.
But thats a bur.
Narrator Try one starting at 6.99 IHOP.
Do you ever wish you werent a motore?
No.
Announcer For those who were born to ride theres Progressive.
Narrator Occasional bladder leakage?
Ive had it.
Ive had it.
Narrator Had it with bladder leakage?
Azo Bladder Control does what liners and pads cant it supports bladder muscle strength to help reduce leakage.
Announcer Booking.com offers free cancellations so bookers can book now and ask their boss later.
Do you want breakfast?
Announcer Free cancellations Definitely breakfast.
How good is that?
Be a booker at booking.com.
Narrator Sean is back taking you inside the biggest headlines and covering the hot button issues with an allstar lineup you cant miss Monday on Hannity.
Boy Nice going Spencer.
I cant believe we broke Old Man Hennessys window.
Correction dude you broke I just threw the ball.
This is really bad.
What are we gonna do?
Boys In Unison We?
Boy Go to the door ask for the ball back.
Boy Are you serious?
Its my ball Myrtlebeck.
I am so dead.
Id run away.
Yeah to Uruguay.
Kiss your life goodbye sorry.
Boy Lets go.
Thats What Friends Are For by Bacharach and Sager Boy See ya remember me in your will.
Hope ya had a nice life.
Boy Some friends you are!
Music Keep smiling keep shining Music Hi.
Hi.
Music Knowing you can always count on me Music Tell him it was an accident and we can fix the window.
Music For sure Music Come on.
Ill come with you.
Music Thats what friends are for Music Narrator Loyalty pass it on.
Girl You go first.
Narrator A message from the Foundation for a Better Life.
Frank!
Frank over here!
Frank Frank!
So Frank youre the Big Hurt.
Why do you need Nugenix?
After 40 a guy loses free testosterone even me.
I couldnt stay in shape like I used to.
Frank!
Frank!
So does Nugenix really work?
Yes its the number one selling free testosterone booster at GNC.
Okay great but does it work for you?
Oh yeah my workouts are incredible now.
Im feeling stronger more energetic with a lot more drive.
So say I knew someone who should try Nugenix.
How does he do that?
Its easy just send a text to get a complimentary bottle.
Announcer Franks right now you can claim a complimentary bottle of awardwinning Nugenix by texting NEW to 321321.
Its unique manboosting formula is powered by Testofen a patented key ingredient clinically researched to help a man feel stronger leaner more energetic and more passionate.
And trust me youll like the difference too.
Announcer Samples are not available in stores so text NEW to 321321 for a complimentary bottle of Nugenix.
This is not 2016 this is 2020 and people are woke.
You can say that again.
The entire Democratic party is this weeks Loony Left.
When Kamala Harris says People are woke she seems to be talking about her fellow candidates.
The mainstream Democrat positions now look like they are open borders free healthcare for illegal immigrants abolition of private healthcare for American citizens Hispandering transpandering wokepandering.
Yes its official the Loony Left is no longer the fringe it has taken over the Democratic Party.
I mean look I mean this is just laughable.
I mean when you see someone like Kamala Harris pandering to black people you know theres a problem.
And look there is actually a nickname for her with my black friends and online you see actual African Americans that call her Chameleon Harris because she is pandering.
And the only people that are woke now because of her candidacy are the black people who are actually descendants from slaves because theres been this whole uproar because shes presenting herself and the medias presenting herself as African American.
Shes an Islander American and she should be proud of that.
But thats not whats happening.
Shes given in to what you just discussed all of the Hispandering the transpandering and now shes trying to really beef up her African American credential by using I guess I dont know woke.
I mean its just ridiculous.
I know he misspoke and has cleaned it up but for example Julian Castro going on about abortions for trans women its just one example just the endless pandering.
Reproductive justice.
And then youve got the policy shifts where they all put their hand up for these positions that are so extreme compared to just a couple of years ago.
Well and just recently the Democrats have just shown that they have a distaste and they dont like the flag they dont like the Fourth of July celebration theyre embarrassed by anybody who wants to stand up and wrap themselves in the flag and they put themselves in a terrible position.
But I think thats when your focus is on pandering and just winning as opposed to having a principle and staking that principle in the ground.
When youre rudderless this is what happens you start meandering wherever the news of the day goes and the next thing you know youre left with appeasing a very very small percentage of Americans and youre leaving 80 of the country who loves the country behind.
And what are they think this is I mean do they think they can just kind of change all this when it comes to the general election once theyve finished with their pandering and whoever the nominee is gets elected they can just sort of ditch all this or what?
Well I mean thats the plan the plan is to win the primary.
And you have the furthest of the left the ones that are actually falling of the cliff these are the people that the Democrats are pandering to with all of the isms that are out there.
As ridiculous as it sounds they do believe this is some sort of strategy because what weve seen is I dont think they have any intention on moving to the center even after the general election because theyre not going to move.
Thats the interesting question is this is as you might say its worse than that they really mean it.
They mean it.
Exactly and this Trump derangement syndrome I think is very real.
Its very real.
Because if Donald Trump likes the flag they dont like it.
If he is wanting to protect the border then they want open borders.
It doesnt mean doesnt seem to matter.
Its interesting though I wanna focus on the open borders thing because that one really interests me particularly because they hate that label.
They always say Were not for open borders but its fascinating to see over the last couple of weeks since that debate youve had so many commentators actually a lot of them real Trumphating columnists and so on and today I think yesterday Jay Johnson Obamas Homeland Security Secretary all saying some version of they are effectively open borders they are functionally open borders.
You know critics of Donald Trump basically saying this really is the official position now of the Democratic Party open borders.
Well it is I mean to the point to where they dont even wanna fund ICE.
They dont even want to protect the interior from the open borders that they want.
They are definitely supportive of open borders mainly because again they need the votes but when you have people like AOC and all of the new Democrats out there that are pushing these kinds of policies it really makes them look even more loony than they really are but they do believe it.
And I mean and the thing about it is when youre going into 2020 I think that the position is very clear the voters are gonna have a choice.
Youre either gonna vote for America or youre gonna vote for a Democrat and you cant get any more clear than that at this point.
Remember AOC and the whole lot of the Democrats were saying theres no crisis at the border theres no crisis its just fiction.
And now theyre yelling and screaming because there isnt enough money to take care of these people well you voted against it and you wouldnt support the idea that they need money at HHS and Border Patrol Oh its so ridiculous.
to take care of em.
Its so hypocritical.
Anyway whatever theres more fun to be had because coming up Joe China is back doing what he does best sticking his foot in his mouth.
Weve got the tape and youre gonna really enjoy it.
That is next.
Narrator Wildly adhesive Seasbond seals give denture wearers 75 stronger allday hold.
No reapplying before meals.
Seabond wildly adhesive.
Woman Dear OxiClean I live on a farm with my hardworking husband two active kids and lots of horses so I use OxiClean with odor blasters.
Just one scoop and odors gone thanks OxiClean.
OxiClean with odor blasters eliminates tough odors.
Youve got three minutes to prove how funny you are.
But if you do it your life is about to change.
I get too attached too easily I think thats why I cant go to prison.
Its not so much the showers Im afraid of its just like what if I fall in love you know what I mean?
Music Its real funny Music Kenan with his run on SNL Jeff with standup I get to be the voice of the people.
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas no it dont.
What happens in Vegas turned five in February.
Man Its one of the wildest comedy clubs Ive ever seen.
Announcer Bring the Funny premieres after AGT.
Check your local listings.
Lets be honest you need insurance but its not really something you wanna buy.
Its not sexy Oh danger.
or delicious or fun.
Music Splashing in the sun Music But since you need both car and home insurance why not bundle them with Esurance and save up to 10?
Which you can spend on things you really wanna buy like well I dont know what youd wanna buy because Im just a guy on your TV.
Announcer Esurance its surprisingly painless.
120 for the night please.
95 for the night please.
Wait what?
If you use Trivago Trivago will compare hotel prices from hundreds of websites worldwide so you can often find a better deal for your hotel room.
Maybe you should try Trivago next time.
Narrator Hotel Trivago.
When my doctor put me on a cholesterollowering statin drug I knew I should take CoQ10 with it I take Qunol CoQ10.
Why because Qunol has three times better absorption than regular CoQ10.
Qunol the better CoQ10.
Hi Im Robert F.Kennedy Junior.
Recently I was part of a legal team that won 289 million for a client who got nonHodgkins lymphoma from handling Monsantos weed killer Roundup.
Most Americans would rather pull dandelions in their yard than have their children play in a place where theyre exposed to a cancercausing chemical.
But Monsanto decided not to warn any of us.
If youve been diagnosed with nonHodgkins lymphoma and you use Roundup Announcer Call 8334978297.
Woman This one is gonna be a challenge for me.
Man Everythings moving 100 miles an hour.
This is your worst nightmare.
Get out!
Please bring your dish forward.
Announcer Master Chef Wednesdays and Thursdays or watch anytime on FOX NOW or Hulu.
All right welcome back everyone.
Now Joe Biden hes done an interview always good for a laugh weve picked some highlights for you.
Here is the former vice president talking about world leaders and how hed handled them.
I took on Putin in terms of Iraq I mean excuse me in terms of what was going on in Ukraine.
Ive taken on these leaders around the world.
Im the guy thats gone in and meant it.
Ive taken on all these lead.
Okay Im the guy he went in there and took on Putin over Iraq whatever it was.
So if you could make out anything from that sort of rambling incoherence it was that he stood up to but of course he didnt.
They basically did nothing when Putin walked into Crimea and Ukraine and its President Trump that has gotten tough with Russia.
And as for standing up to other countries China I mean my goodness.
Joe Biden when he was vice president went soft on China as we keep telling you because the government put billions of dollars into his sons businesses.
Anyway if you thought that was funny just watch this.
Come on man come on man come on.
Come here man come on come on man.
Hey man no deal mean.
Id smack them in the mouth.
Okay and then honestly almost straight after that he said this.
I think the American people want a president who has some dignity.
Dignity.
Come on man Im gonna smack you in the mouth.
And he says we need a president with dignity.
I mean its just I dont know where to start.
I dont know I think Uncle Joe might have taken a nap.
I think he was kinda sleepy during the debate so now hes trying to find his way back.
I mean it was really interesting when he said that there wouldnt be Russia meddling on my watch it kinda was your watch guy.
Right!
It was funny you know I kinda feel sorry for him at this point I really do.
He actually bragged about Obama entrusting him with the power and authority for Ukraine.
And youve covered extensively how that went down.
And so I do I think I just feel sorry for Uncle Joe at this point.
The facts are elusive to Joe Biden.
This is what happens when youre elected in 1972.
He has literally been in that in an elected office that long.
I think he is I think the Democrats smell blood in the water I dont think hell be the nominee.
I think theyre circling hard and I think they just need to let Joe keep talking because hes gonna talk himself right out of it.
Theres a reason why he failed multiple times before to become the president.
Its just brilliant.
Theres a reason why his staffer had to step in to end the interview when your staffer Is that right?
has to step in How about during the debate?
come on.
How about during the debate when you say well I gotta catch an Uber or whatever it is that he was saying?
Oh my time is up.
Its so bad.
Its pretty bad.
You know the thing is its just it makes me laugh so President Trump has said he doesnt give much away but he said Actually Id like to face Biden cause hes so terrible.
And a lot oh hes playing some double game or whatever.
I dont think he is I think he really means it because hes so terrible.
Yeah he is I think it would be great to see President Trump debate Joe Biden on stage.
Oh yes.
People would love.
We could actually charge admission for that one incident.
I think it would be quite a scene for America.
But in all seriousness Joe Biden really should reconsider what hes doing just for his own legacy mainly because of all of the issues that he has.
To Jasons point hes been in politics for four decades so its gonna be extremely hard to constantly defend his position when every other week hes gonna have to apologize for that position just because all of the 30 other contenders are gonna call him out on it.
Thats right he should be like we were talking about with Loony Left hes just being pushed to the left the whole time.
Last word Jason.
No Democrats are gonna select somebody but the path to get there is gonna be a hard one.
But if Donald Trump keeps playing his A game he will be reelected I have no doubt.
I think hes stronger politically today than hes ever been.
When you see these candidates and not just their performance as with Biden there but the policy in the end President Trump won not just because he was so strong as a campaigner but it was policy it was the issues and the arguments he made.
And when you see the arguments that are coming from the other side well.
All right thats all for tonight.
My thanks to Katrina and Jason and to you for watching.
You can learn more about The Next Revolution by following us NextRevFNC.
Dont forget to check out the new podcast at foxnewspodcasts.com with Jason Chaffetz and his great book Power Grab all written out.
Mark Levin is up next see you next Sunday when The Next Revolution will.