
Not again.
Announcer Let CET help you get the training you need for the job you want.
There are no semesters or quarters here.
You can start almost any time.
Go from learning to earning.
CET is approved to train veterans offers financial aid and job placement assistance.
Lots of programs to choose from.
Enroll today start tomorrow.
Call CET and change your life.
Announcer Buy one take one is back starting at just 12.99 at Olive Garden.
Join us for a new favorite today.
Then bring one home for tomorrow on us.
Buy one take one for a limited time only at Olive Garden.
Narrator Microwave breakfasts.
Dr.Oz Omelet cups burritos and egg muffins.
Narrator Fast easy.
When it comes to frozen food breakfast foods are queen.
Narrator But are they really good for you?
Or are they just junk food in disguise?
Narrator Plus fat shamers.
Woman I cant sit here because theyre both so big.
Narrator Caught on tape.
Man Shes eating too much chocolate.
Woman Why are you insulting me about my weight?
Narrator Coming up next.
Yall ready for season 10?
Crowd Yeah!
I love you Dr.Oz.
Today an investigation into a giant shift happening in your frozen food aisle.
The food industry is offering an unprecedented number of microwavable frozen breakfast food options including your favorites breakfast sandwiches delicious looking omelet cups burritos and egg muffins all hot and ready in minutes.
Many even claim to be healthier but are they or are they just junk food in disguise?
Investigator and mom of two Mara Schiavocampo put many of these options to the test in the best food lab there is her own busy kitchen.
Okay so Im shopping for breakfast sandwiches.
I cant remember the last time I bought a breakfast sandwich.
So this should be interesting.
Hey quesadilla.
Do you wanna try these for breakfast?
Um what are they?
Mara Its a breakfast sandwich made on a waffle.
Its bacon egg and cheese.
I dont really like eggs or cheese but I could try with something else.
Maybe just bacon?
Mara So this is what I ended up getting.
We have two different English muffins.
They are different.
This one is like on a waffle and this is a breadless egg cup which I am very excited about.
Mara be honest was that the best assignment you have ever been given?
You know any assignment that involves tasting food Im in sign me up for it.
Dr.Oz And your daughters already an investigative reporter.
Shes very discerning yeah.
You know breakfast is a really hard meal for me.
I was really happy to get this assignment because this is tough for me.
Im a low carb eater.
So Im always looking for portable low carb options and with my kids Im looking for alternatives to the staples that are high sugar high carb like cereal and pancakes.
So this could change things in my house.
And how big have these products become now these microwavable breakfasts?
When it comes to frozen food breakfast foods are doing so well.
Really its for two reasons.
One is millennials.
So 82 of millennials say that this is a good option for their kids and case in point I agree with that completely.
The other one is the keto crowd.
Keto is huge right now.
Theyre looking for low carb options.
Those two things are driving this industry.
Yeah they use the bun is actually egg.
And it looks so delicious.
It does look good.
All right thats a start.
So we asked food scientist Taylor and hes a fanatic by the way about breakfast foods.
Taylor Wallace to be here to break down exactly how microwavable breakfasts are made.
Lets start with the prime ingredient of all the egg.
Is there a real egg in these microwavable breakfasts?
Crack the egg for me.
So actually yes.
Many of these products the main ingredient is a whole egg.
Now also in these products youre gonna see some of your other normal culprits different food additives.
Now they might look scary but theyre all in there for a functional purpose right?
So for instance it looks scary.
Xanthan gum thats just a dietary fiber that we add to food.
We add it to eggs because we dont want the egg to crumble when you bite into it and fall into your lap.
Modified corn starch that just provides a little bit of texture to the product.
And then you have all these different flavors and you might ask well why not just add butter?
Because butter oxidizes and makes the product go stale.
So instead we add these flavors that wont oxidize and produce a bad taste.
Well you just expressed a bias.
I love that its a real egg.
I sorta wish I didnt have to add all these things in there but I know you guys have other technologies.
We have a way of making the frozen microwavable breakfast flavorful and locking in that flavor and it has to do with this and youre a flavor scientist so what does this have to do with flavor?
So theres two main things that you have to worry about in products like egg sandwiches.
One is water because we know water makes things go bad and two is oxygen because oxygen oxidizes things.
So what do we do?
We freeze the water because frozen water cant do much and then we add nitrogen to the bag or to the package.
So very similar to what you see in potato chips.
If you buy a bag of potato chips with all the air inside thats nitrogen.
When you open then bag then the oxygen comes in.
You leave it out for a day and it goes stale.
The same thing happens with egg sandwiches.
All right so lets take a look at different types of frozen breakfasts that we find at the grocery store.
I took that list that you just got Mara that treasure trove and I split it out and I know that theres a big keto move.
So explain how people have hacked that system.
Yeah so just as a reminder its very very high fat very low carb.
So when you take a look at these traditional breakfast sandwiches here these are not gonna be an option for keto followers because of the bread.
But when you look over here this is really a game changer if youre keto devotee.
They have made the bread out of eggs.
So this is breadless.
Its essentially two egg pattiesI saw that I wasnt sure if that was real.
Its real its eggs it is high protein.
It is extremely low carb.
So egg bun.
Yeah so this is the industry responding to that demand.
They have heard loud and clear what low carb dieters want.
All right so seven grams of carbs.
How do the rest of your options compare?
Yeah so you can see its a big difference.
So the English muffin option 28 grams of carbs so Ive never been good at math but I think thats four times the amount right roughly.
Youre better than you say.
Its exactly four times it.
And here we have the croissant 27 grams pretty much the same.
The biscuit which to me looks like the most delectable delicious one.
Dr.Oz I think thats a pretty good deal.
Oh my goodness Im working hard not to take a bite.
But this is intriguing to me.
Flatbreads a good idea.
Flatbread is a great idea.
You see that it is the lowest carb of all of them but still much higher than the breadless one.
Now you tasted these and you had that discerning of you taste as well.
How did this breadless version do?
It was absolutely delicious.
I did not miss the bread at all.
But I did have to wonder is that too much protein?
Am I overdoing it?
I looked into it I think the proteins okay.
The bigger concern for me is salt.
Sometimes in order to make it flavorful because when you freeze things it doesnt taste the same always.
They can have more salt than you want.
So just take a look at that.
But overall I was impressed that you had this many options.
But I wanna go to our audience member here cause the next microwavable frozen breakfast investigation had to do with the crustless quiches.
Theres no carbs in a crustless quiche.
Do I have this right?
Lisa Yes.
Well I wanna do a thing.
Compare these two and see if you taste the difference.
Mara you can go do it as well here.
Oh thank you I thought youd never ask.
Exactly.
I figured you eat them all at home before you got here.
Im gonna reveal something to you in a second but these are not quite made the same way.
So which do you like more of these?
This ones much better.
Much better?
Mhmm.
All right so Im just gonna reveal something to you.
One of these is actually homemade by yours truly.
And the other one was made in a store.
This was made by us.
Lisa Nice job Dr.Oz.
Mara Oh wow.
This is the store bought one.
I only point it out because this didnt take a ton of time.
I think most people prefer it but I get why you dont do it.
Its a lack of time.
Does this taste good enough that if you didnt have time to make that on your own youd still be okay with it?
Yeah Id be okay with it.
All right so it works.
Yeah its a great option.
You pick and choose what you want I dont think its quite the same as making it yourself but its probably good enough for most especially busy moms out there.
How do they compare nutritionally?
So its actually theres a lot of good news here.
These have the store bought ones are real egg or egg base which is just basically liquid egg.
Now they do have other things added in because they do have to live on a shelf they do have to be frozen.
But for the most part it is very close to the real thing.
You can feel good about eating them and giving them to your kids.
Show off at home Lisa.
All right me one last stop.
We invested frozen microwave breakfast burritos.
Taylor these have been getting a lot of criticism over the years but they seem to be making a comeback.
Right you know when I was a kid it was like these things are terrible right?
I mean theyre mushy and gooey and not great.
Food scientists have this down to an art and now just like over there they taste fantastic.
And not only that theres vegetarian options theres farm to table options.
Weve got something for everybody.
So you still wanna watch the sodium on these especially if you got pressure issues.
We always say make bacon a special food so you dont want to have that every day either.
Maybe twice a week kinda thing.
When we come back we show you a brand new microwavable breakfast that allows you to use your own fresh egg.
Is it the best of both worlds?
Well find out when we come back.
Narrator Confessions of shoplifters.
Moms who seem to have a really strong moral compass have this dirty little secret.
It happens every time I walk into a store.
Narrator Plus Pamela Smart convicted of conspiracy to commit murder.
The prosection painted this idea that this was a black widow out for revenge and money.
Narrator But did she really get her 15 year old lover to pull the trigger?
Why isnt she crying?
Her husbands dead.
Narrator All new Oz.
Announcer Macys black Friday in July is here.
Get spectacular savings store wide plus an extra 25 off with your coupon or Macys card.
And theres more.
Everyone gets free shipping at Macys.com on every order with no minimum.
Today and tomorrow only at Macys.
Announcer Youre gonna do your thing and no period is gonna slow you down.
With Tampax you get protection that moves with you for total comfort.
Choose Pearl for your chill Pocket for your moves and Active for your hustle.
Do your thing with Tampax.
Announcer Both men and women have trouble sleeping these days.
So Alteril contains three different effective sleep compounds that work on different parts of the brain for restful sleep for both men and women.
If you have trouble sleeping try Alteril.
Alteril is not like other sleep aids because Alteril contains three unique sleeping compounds each designed to work on different parts of the brain for fast restful sleep.
Alteril is like three sleeping pills in one.
Alteril for fast restful sleep.
Selling your house?
Well buy it as is handle all repairs and theres never a fee.
Get to lifes next step even faster with peace of mind and cash in your pocket.
Music Express home buyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music Ooh a tire commercial.
Turn it up!
Announcer Right now at NTB buy three tires get one free with paid standard installation.
Save on top brands like Good Year Continental Cooper Nitto and more.
Buy three tires get one free at NTB.
Thats all you need.
Announcer Get beautiful new floors right now with Lunas incredible 70 off sale.
Thats carpet laminate and even hardwood 70.
Youll get professional installation and can be confident with Lunas exclusive love your floors promise.
Transform your home with an amazing 70 off carpet laminate and hard wood.
Reserve your free inhome appointment at luna.com or call.
Music 877 241 LUNA Music I used to be a one cheese operation but me and crunchy here make a great team.
We even finish each others...Youre supposed to say sentences.
Sentences.
Well not now.
Delicious new Babybel cheese and crackers.
Saved it.
The only thing that I would do differently the only thing I shouldve called Express Home Buyers sooner.
Music Express Home Buyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music If you have ever tried to make an omelet and this happens right youre not alone.
Guess what restaurants the best places in the world using making an omelet as the ultimate test of a chefs true skill.
So I didnt pass this time but Im getting better.
I can cover it up.
I can stitch this back together again.
I got the stick knowledge.
Anyway today were investigating a brand new shortcut turning omelets into a weekday quickie meal using your own microwave.
These are called omelets in a cup.
Now food scientist Taylor Wallace is here to help us figure out whats really in these.
Theres too many kinds of omelets in a cup.
Break them up for us.
Okay so your first kind go ahead and open that package and what youll see its got everything inside.
So youve got your little vegetables and meat.
And then you have a liquid egg so go on and check it out.
And a liquid egg is basically the same thing that you buy in the grocery store in those milk cartonlike jugs.
Its just been pasteurized a little bit more than the old way to prevent bacteria from growing.
So pour it in here?
Yep so pour it right in.
You can pop it in the microwave and youre ready to go basically.
Dr.Oz Put my fixings in there Im good to go.
Taylor Absolutely.
Its so easy so simple.
So how is yours different?
So the second one this is for consumers that prefer their products a little less processed.
So we charge em the same price but dont add the egg you have to add your own.
Youre kidding me its the same price?
Right and instead of the egg you have to add your own and its not a liquid egg.
So if you see youve got the cheese the vegetables the meat in there same thing as in your other product.
Break the egg.
You have to break it on plastic.
Oh my goodness.
Here break it over here and put it in the pan there.
All right.
Thats it.
And you add the goodies in there.
Taylor Then you add the stuff mix it up and there you go.
I gotta say Im impressed.
This is actually so close to what I would normally wanna do Id probably think about this.
Right and like Mara said theyre very close to the normal food product that you would cook in your kitchen.
Got a little bit of additives in there to help prevent mold growth or bacteria growth but overall its the same thing.
A food scientist is happy Im happy.
All right and the price you mentioned is the same.
Yeah the price I mentioned is about 3 a pack.
So great for someone like a college student or somebody like you and I that are on the go.
Might not wanna feed the whole family with it cause that gets kind of expensive.
But great on the go.
I gotta say as I look at these...Announcer This is a statement from the National Weather Service.
For the following country District of Columbia and the following counties in Maryland Montgomery and Prince Georges.
The National Weather Service in Sterling Virginia has issued a flood warning for the District of Columbia Montgomery County in Central Maryland Prince Georges County in Central Maryland until 6 p.m at 1240 p.m.
Reporting gages and reports from emergency managers indicate flooding is ongoing across portions of Montgomery Prince Georges County and the District of Columbia.
With heavy rain now over a flood warning has been issued to replace the flash flood warning that has been in effect.
Some locations that will experience flooding include Arlington Alexandria Germantown Rockville Bethesda Gaithersburg Bowie Clinton Olney College Park Fort Washington Greenbelt Langley Park Beltsville Fort Hunt Damascus Forestville Lowes Island Largo and Coral Hills.
Turn around.
Dont drown when encountering flooded roads.
Most flood deaths occur in vehicles.
Foods can be doing to your brain.
Announcer Why not take the whole family out for a geological thrill?
Only at Luray Caverns.
What will you discover?
You just cant trust the internet these days.
Luckily I discovered Nord VPN.
Thanks to Nord VPN I feel so safe online now.
I just click and let Nord VPN do the rest.
Who would have thought it takes just a click to keep the hackers away?
So Kim you going for a big drive safe and save discount?
Yep using the app Ive been quite vigilant.
Sharon says step on it the meetings started.
Okay write her back dear Sharon dont mess with my discount.
Faster mommy I gotta go to the bathroom.
I do too honey but were gonna hold it for mommys discount.
Easy easy.
But youre in labor.
Dont mess with my discount!
Announcer Get a discount up to 30 with drive safe and save from State Farm.
Announcer Looking for that great job but lack the experience?
Not again.
Announcer Let CET help you get the training you need for the job you want.
There are no semesters or quarters here.
You can start almost anytime.
Go from learning to earning.
CET is approved to train veterans offers financial aid and job placement assistance.
Lots of programs to choose from.
Enroll today start tomorrow.
Call CET and change your life.
Spending so much of your life underwater you learn to talk to yourself.
What you dont learn is how to talk to others.
The black line on the bottom of the pool never talks back.
If I could go back in time I would tell my younger self to open up and to work with a professional therapist.
Therapy can dramatically change your life.
It helped me a lot so you should try it for yourself.
Announcer Get 50 off your first month of Talk Space therapy with coupon Michael 50.
Brought to you by Talk Space therapy for all.
Announcer Around here even a little rain makes us downright giddy.
Thats because weve seen it do some pretty spectacular things.
See for yourself at Luray Caverns.
What will you discover?
I know did you start to salivate at that sound?
You start to think about food when the beep starts with your microwave.
Millions of you rely on quick microwave meals because its a quick lunch or ready in minutes hot dinner.
But can you get addicted to these fast food frozen foods?
How does your freezer look?
Does it look like this?
Someone in our audience is the owner of this stocked freezer full of those microwave meals and is being turned in for their obsession with microwave meals.
Please welcome Angela whos turning in her best friend Suella.
Hi Dr.Oz.
Suella you didnt know this was happening did you?
No no.
I think Im fine.
Dr.Oz You think youre fine.
What is the issue here?
She has a problem.
She has a very big problem.
And thats a real photo of her freezer.
Yes.
Dr.Oz And how often is she eating microwave frozen food?
All the time.
Breakfasts lunch snack.
Im busy.
No its no.
I really love it.
No.
Dr.Oz Well what do you love about it so much?
Well they have healthy ones I eat Lean Cuisine I like hot pockets sometimes when Im really in a rush.
So you know easy is convenient.
What do you think about your friends concern over your perceived addiction towards microwave fast food?
I dont know what her concern is.
You dont know my concern?
No.
You send me coupons you wanna buy things off Ebay.
Its microwavable food.
No you go to the dollar store you go to all of the stores.
No no no its too much.
Pot pies really good.
Lets just talk about come on up here a little bit Suella.
We got a little discussion.
I understand the allure of frozen meals but in reality theres something thats really addictive in these foods that makes them so desirous for us.
And they taste good.
So Mark Schatzker food journalist extraordinaire and a real expert in the area hes made a taste test for us that you and I are gonna be participants in.
But you gotta tell the truth though.
All right.
So take us what are we gonna taste and what kind of an organization do you have here?
Okay we got three lasagnas.
The first one is fresh lasagna we made this this is like what youd make at home.
This is also lasagna we made but not fresh.
We froze it and then we reheated it.
Mm.
That fresh is good.
Keep going Im moving along here.
And then we got this is the microwavable lasagna like youd buy at the supermarket.
Dr.Oz This is the microwave here.
Mark Therell be something interesting here.
That is good.
That is really good.
Tell me what you like about it.
You should have this.
Youd like it.
Yeah it tastes real good.
Okay so theres something really interesting.
This is actually better than the fresh.
Better than fresh.
Something really interesting happening here.
So this is another tale of taste bud trickery.
This is where its in the flavor.
Its in how they created this experience of lasagna in a frozen food where were gonna find something interesting.
Lets uncover the anatomy of a microwave meal.
How do they actually pull that off?
Cause I do think like you that definitely tastes better than the frozen stuff that you made yourself.
What do they do differently?
So the first issue is preservatives.
Mark what kind are we talking about?
Okay so yeah one thing they do to get that flavor they use synthetic flavorings.
Weve talked about that before but thats how they jack up that flavor.
We also see a lot of the same guilty suspects that we see in other processed foods.
Theres polysorbate 80 thats a bulking agent that makes the sauce taste nice and smooth.
Theres something called potassium bromate thats a dough additive.
Its actually illegal in some countries.
And then we have sodium nitrite.
Now weve talked about thatDr.Oz Its illegal in some countries?
Its illegal.
And its in our frozen foods.
So these are theoretical concerns but next issue is a real concern which is sugar.
And how much sugar...Actually why would you even add sugar to lasagna?
Theres already pasta in there.
Well because as we saw the flavor takes a beating.
So whats an easy way to jack that flavor back up?
Just dump in some sugar.
And youre gonna be shocked at how much.
We found one frozen entree that had 29 grams of sugar in a serving.
Suella do you hear that?
29 grams.
Okay it gets worse cause guess how big the serving is.
This big.
Its only half.
Most people think they pull it out of their microwave and they think I get to eat the whole thing.
Yes.
Well then youre getting 58 grams of sugar.
Thats the sugar thats in two candy bars.
So who would ever thinking Im nuking my dinner theres two candy bars worth of sugar in there?
Its crazy.
So a lot of sugar and theres another hidden source of carbs.
Modified starch.
Which I dont even know what...What do you modify starch to do?
Yeah modified starch what is it?
Well its there to get rid of some of the problems that you get when you reheat frozen foods so you dont get those puddles of water so that it holds its shape.
But its essentially carbohydrates that have no flavor.
So youre getting carbs in your tummy that you dont taste on the way down and I think thats where the worry is.
So stay with Mark for a sec Im gonna explain to everybody what happens to your brain while youre having all these empty carbs that are hidden from you.
You got the brain here you got you there.
Take a bite out of one of these meals and what ends up happening is you begin to fall in love with it begin to crave it.
Then what happens your blood sugar starts to spike up.
When the blood sugar goes up dopamine is released from your brain which makes you really happy smiley.
We all know that right our comfort food.
But then over time your blood sugar falls back down again and you crave that high you just had.
So your low blood sugar levels cause an increased appetite right you eat more food because the time seems like its the right to do.
And the next thing you know you eat more of those frozen meals that youve been craving and feeling okay about doing it.
So Mark you say in addition to this which is sort of like a chemical addiction theres a psychological addiction these microwave meals can cause.
Yeah so weve seen this interaction before.
You got things like foods with a lot of sugar and flavoring makes it compulsive makes it really delicious in the moment hard to stop eating.
So I think theres a lot of ways these get us eating too much.
So dont be a killjoy here.
If were gonna eat our microwave cause I think Suella whos nervously laughing now is probably gonna still eat some of the microwaves that are in her freezer.
Give us some tact and some hacks.
Okay so one thing is to look at the ingredient list cause theyre not all the same.
The ingredients that come at the beginning of the list theres more of them.
So look for the good things.
If its a broccoli pasta look for broccoli at the beginning of the ingredient list.
If its at the very end that means theres not much and if you dont see it at all be worried about that.
So Suella I need your verdict here.
Your friend me Professor Shasker next to us seems to think youre probably better served to eat your microwave meals a little differently.
What do you think?
I dont think Ill do it every day now.
I think Ill do it like maybe twice maybe three times a week.
Slowly process on my addiction on it.
But thank you for the advice.
Schatzker youre having an impact.
Nicely done thank you for saying that.
Well be right back.
Shocking updates on the house of horrors.
Why would parents torture their own children?
Louise Turpins sister reveals their intimate prison conversations.
Any expression of remorse?
An Oz True Crime investigation.
Thats coming up on Wednesday.
Closed caption sponsorship brought to you by.
When I showed my mom the DNA results it made her feel proud.
Ancestry specifically showed the regions that my family was from.
Announcer New features greater details richer stories.
Get your DNA kit today at Ancestry.com.
When youre passionate about something anything is possible.
Announcer Window Nation brings the perfect fit for your home and your wallet with buy one window get one free.
Our best deal of the year gets even better with no down payment no payments and no interest for 12 months.
Call Window Nation today or visit WindowNation.com.
After my car accident I didnt know that a lawyer would help deal with all my medical bills.
I didnt know I could also get money for pain and suffering.
I didnt know the insurance company wasnt going to give me the settlement I deserved.
We do know.
At Saiontz and Kirk we know injury law and we know how to get you the most money possible.
Clients of Saiontz and Kirk have collected over a billion dollars.
When you need a lawyer you have a lawyer.
Call 1800LAWYERS or visit YouHaveALawyer.com.
If you have a phone you have a lawyer.
Announcer From new love to lifelong friends moments together call for Americas family favorite.
Lipton live alive.
Announcer Get in for lunch now at Olive Garden.
With lunch duos starting at 6.99.
Choose a favorite like lasagna or all new pasta bowls like shrimp scampi.
Paired with unlimited soup or salad and breadsticks.
Get never ending value for lunch at Olive Garden.
Are you looking for a hassle free simple way to sell your home as is?
It doesnt matter if youre downsizing your home have fallen behind on repairs or your mortgage.
Get an offer on your home in as little as 10 minutes with House Buyers of America.
We buy houses directly.
Theres no middle men no commissions theres no need to deal with real estate agents repairs inspections and renovations.
Give us a call today.
Were A rated with the Better Business Bureau.
House Buyers of America real estate made real easy.
Announcer Window Nation brings the perfect fit for your home and your wallet with buy one window get one free.
Our best deal of the year gets even better with no down payment no payments and no interest for 12 months.
Call Window Nation today or visit WindowNation.com.
Announcer Weeknights on Me TV.
Watch MASH at seven Andy at eight and Gomer Pyle at nine.
You can find Me TV on broadcast channel 5.3 Comcast 196 Cox 804 Verizon FiOS 489 Atlantic Broadband 157 and other providers.
Were back with our investigation into public fat shaming.
Would you know what to do if it happened to you?
What about if it came from the one person you trust the most your own doctor?
According to one study about half of women half say theyve been shamed by a physician with weight being one of the top reasons.
Latoya says she was fat shamed by her doctor who ignored her pain symptoms.
After feeling ill Rebecca says her doctor told her to lose weight but turns out her health issues were not a result of her size.
It was actually cancer.
So Rebecca lets talk about your case its pretty serious.
So you go to the doctor youre not feeling well how did the physicians respond to the observations you were making about your own body?
Yeah so a lot of times it was very much a dismissal.
It was kind of a dismissal of symptoms over and over and over again.
Just a well basically if you just lost a little bit of weight youd be fine.
If you just lost a bit of weight you could breathe better.
We dont really know whats going on but if you just lot a bit of weight everything will be okay.
So after three years three years everybody of looking around you finally got a diagnosis.
What was really happening inside your body?
I had a tumor in my left main stem bronchus in my lung and it had kind of killed the bottom half of my lung and they had to take the whole left lung out.
In part cause it took three years I think to figure out what was going on.
Yeah.
What was it like when you finally realized you actually had a life threatening problem that was causing this and not an issue with your weight which you never thought was the problem to begin with?
It was the first time that like I had finally gotten a diagnosis and I had spent so much time trying to figure out what was wrong with me and then somebody finally told me that something was wrong and it was just so freeing to realize that there was something that was actually there that like no Im not just fat something is wrong in this body.
So I wish you were the only person who felt the way you have stated you felt cause it turns out that obese patients are 65 more likely than others to have significant undiagnosed medical conditions.
We write it off say its something else.
And sometimes it is the weight thats the problem but oftentimes its not.
Are you feeling okay now?
Yeah Ive been cancer free since 2012.
Dr.Oz Good for you.
Good for you.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Latoya lets talk about your story.
Also an example of doctors overlooking a real diagnosis.
What happened?
Well in my case Ive been in pain for the past two decades since I started my menstruation when I was about 10 or 11.
All I can remember is feeling this crippling paralyzing pain every time my menzies would come about.
When I went to the doctor initially it was well how about we give you some birth control?
When I started gaining like I wanna say I started gaining weight particularly after I had my son it was automatically shifted to it has to be your weight.
So your doctors actually finally found the real diagnosis right?
What was going on?
My real diagnosis was that I was diagnosed with endometriosis.
And that wasnt found until I miscarried several times like over I stopped counting after four times.
Oh Im sorry.
And its something that so many people brush off as its nothing.
I find thats the issue in a lot of things in reproductive health.
Well the reason Im passionate about this topic of fat shaming is because it can embarrass people and people can do bad things to themselves because theyre shamed by.
But we also miss the real diagnosis which is a much more obvious way that we hurt people.
Now I should share Latoyas about to run her 17th marathon in three weeks.
So you didnt get held back neither of you did.
What is your message to doctors who are too easily writing off symptoms to their patients being overweight?
Actually listen to your patients.
Be patient with your patients.
Essentially dont just brush it off or just look at them and then try to give them a diagnosis.
Actually do the work look into it do blood tests which Ive had which proved that I didnt have some of these things that they thought that I had.
Actually listen to us because when you dont listen to us then we have a distrust we have a worry and a real fear that nobody is going to take us serious.
It makes people not want to actually come to you and we essentially go to you to trust you so just listen to us and know that this is not all in our heads.
We know our bodies more than anybody else.
Thank you for sharing your story with us.
Well be right back.
Up next fat shaming caught on tape.
The videos you have to see to believe.
Find out what one woman kicked off a flight.
Everyone wants to buy houses these days but whom can you trust?
Call Express Home Buyers.
Thousands of home owners have trusted us to buy their house the hassle free way.
Music Express Home Buyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music Announcer Appliance shopping shouldnt be painful.
Come to Bray and Scarff where factory trained appliance experts give you the personal attention you deserve.
Our July 4th sale has been extended.
Get the lowest prices of the season on GE Profile packages.
Plus this GE french door refrigerator now 1999 in stainless slate or black slate.
Shop local at Bray and Scarff where it doesnt cost more to get more.
Announcer At Pro Plan we believe nutrition is full of possibilities to improve your pets life.
Were redefining what nutrition can do because the possibility of a longer life and a healthy life is the greatest possibility of all.
Purina Pro Plan nutrition that performs.
Announcer No matter your plans theres a Cox internet plan for you.
Starting at 29.99 a month for up to 10 megs.
Plus panoramic wifi blankets your home with fast reliable internet.
Cox has fast one gig speeds everywhere.
Super fast speeds for those things you just cant live without.
Get internet starting at just 29.99 a month for up to 10 megs.
Call today to get the internet plan that fits your life.
Cox internet.
Announcer Buy one take one is back starting at just 12.99 at Olive Garden.
Join us for a new favorite today then bring one home for tomorrow on us.
Buy one take one for a limited time only at Olive Garden.
Announcer Looking for that great job but lack the experience?
Not again.
Announcer Let CET help you get the training you need for the job you want.
There are no semesters or quarters here you can start almost any time.
Go from learning to earning.
CET is approved to train veterans offers financial aid and job placement assistance.
Lots of programs to choose from.
Enroll today start tomorrow.
Call CET and change your life.
The only thing that I would do differently the only thing I should have called Express Home Buyers sooner.
Music Express Home Buyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music Female Oh my goodness I dont know Im gonna do this for the next four hours.
This is just impossible because theyre squishing me.
Like friggin its just unbelievable.
At least theyll keep me warm.
Find me a window get me out of here.
I cant breathe Im so squished.
Well I eat salad okay.
I cant sit here because theyre both so big.
Its pretty awkward huh?
That was a small taste of what got that passenger kicked off a recent flight.
She called her seat mates big pigs among other things.
Today were exposing fat shaming caught on tape.
Strangers bullying and verbally abusing others because of their weight.
Its a malicious and disturbing online trend.
Shes eating too much chocolate.
Dr.Oz Fat shaming videos.
Why are you insulting me about my weight?
A car full of men stopped in the middle of a busy road just so they can roll down their window and say eat that ice cream you fat bleep.
Female Oh my goodness I dont know how Im gonna do this for the next four hours.
This is just impossible because theyre squishing me.
Dr.Oz Unrestrained and hurtful comments shared in posts.
Female Well I eat salad okay.
Dr.Oz Are leaving people outraged and shocked.
Female Can you find her another seat?
Cause I will not be verbally abused.
What if I had been in such a place that you saying that to me had made me go home and kill myself?
Dr.Oz Hurt feelings some show no mercy.
When you wanna dance around in your skin tight leotards with your fat rolls hanging out and saying you should love me for my personality not my body and youre promoting laziness and eating unhealthy all of a sudden everyone in this world has got a bleep excuse why they cant be healthy.
Dr.Oz Here former Playboy play mate Dani Mathers seems to have taken fat shaming to the extreme posting this picture of a naked woman with the comment if I cant unsee this then you cant either.
Female Youre abusing women.
Female I cant sit here because theyre both so big on left and right.
I cant even sit here.
Male You should be ashamed of yourself madam.
What youre dong is so terrible you should be ashamed of yourself.
Female Why dont you sit in between those two pigs?
Female Kiss my fat bleep okay.
Looking at these videos you have to ask yourself what drives people to such hatred?
Norma the woman who recorded that viral video of her seat mate publicly fat shaming her joins me now.
First off thank you for coming to the show.
Oh thank you for having me Dr.Oz.
Lets go back to what happened when you first got to your seat.
Getting comfortable seated at the window seat realizing that this woman that was coming into the middle seat was having a bad day.
She wasnt a happy person.
Verbally saying negative things and making it a little uncomfortable.
And how did it make you feel when you appreciated what she was really getting at?
Uncomfortable angry angrier and madder.
Thats why I started doing the you know with her outbursts I decided to go ahead and do the video.
And she kept going even with you recording.
Yes.
And she knew I was recording.
So what prompted you to wanna post it?
Because it does put you at risk too.
The whole thing is so embarrassing.
Of course for her because shes doing all this stuff.
I guess because as a nurse and I have a platform that I thought that bullying and body shaming is an unacceptable behavior for children and even more so for adults.
So I felt the need to actually show this happening to me.
Good for you.
A lot of people would have just pretended it never happened and then it gets tolerated.
You travel a lot have you ever been publicly an attempt made to publicly shame you like this?
15 years on the road and this was truly a first.
Im on the road almost every week and this was a first.
And you probably you must have at some point been disbelieving this was even happening.
I did there was a delay.
But when somebody attacks you in youre in public you can get up and walk away.
Youre in a plane theres no place to walk to.
Youre a confined space.
In fact maybe thats the reason but the airline ultimately kicked her off.
What was the reason they gave for doing that?
Well they were saying that there were so many people that were complaining besides myself.
When I got off the plane there were people behind me when we got off the plane in Newark that told me that her behavior after I stopped video taping was she was still ranting back there.
So the airline had to take her off the plane for the safety of all of the passengers.
So we reached out to the airline it was United Airlines and heres what they had to say about the incident.
United flight attendants care about the safety and wellbeing of all of our customers which is why they acted quickly to find a different seat for the disruptive customer.
When it became clear that this passengers behavior was likely to be problematic on this flight she was provided alternative travel arrangements first thing the next morning.
So she spent the night wherever you were coming from.
Looking back on that tape why do you think that woman was so angry?
I dont think Ill ever know why she behaved that way and why she thought that was acceptable behavior.
Well your brave desire to share that experience resulted in a video that attracted 600000 views within a few weeks.
If you could talk to that woman and theres a pretty good chance she might be watching this broadcast what would you tell her?
Um she needs to be healed.
She needs to look inside and determine why she behaved that way.
What is hurting inside herself that makes her think its okay to hurt other people?
Hurt people hurt people.
Dr.Oz Yes hurt people hurt people.
Hurt people.
And she needs to understand why she did what she did.
I am on the path of forgiving her because as a woman of god that is my job to forgive and move forward.
This is a teachable moment which is why I agreed to come on because this is a teachable moment.
I would like to take a quick moment just to apologize to the United flight attendants because they did an amazing job but for my language that I used in the video to tell them Im sorry for using that language at them when I was referring to the other woman.
I dont think you have to apologize for that.
God bless you.
Coming up wheres the line between fat shaming and concern?
What should you do if you feel like your doctor is fat shaming you?
Stick around.
Shocking update on the house of horrors.
Why would parents torture their own children?
Louise Turpins sister reveals their intimate prison conversations.
Any expression of remorse?
An Oz True Crime investigation.
Thats coming up on Wednesday.
Promotional considerations provided by.
Announcer Shop online at Chewy.com.
With Chewy.com I know Im getting an amazing deal on my pets food.
Announcer At Chewy.com youll always find low prices on your favorite brands.
Plus you get fast free shipping.
I just found my dogs food for less than what I buy it in the store.
Announcer Start saving today at Chewy.com.
Dr.Oz When youre passionate about something anything is possible.
Wow.
Thats Ensure Max Protein with high protein and one gram sugar.
Its a sit up banana bend at the waist.
Im trying.
Keep it up youll get there.
Announcer 30 grams of protein and one gram of sugar.
Ensure Max Protein.
I got some good news for you.
You can win yourself 5000 a week for life.
My friends from Publishers Clearing House can make it happen.
Win five grand a week week after week for life.
August 30th it could be yours.
Enter now at PCH.com.
Announcer Arm and Hammer plus oxi clean with odor blasters detergent.
It eliminates tough odors and blasts away the oof for a clean that will leave you in.
Ahh.
Announcer At a fraction of the cost.
In packs and liquid.
Arm and Hammer more power to you.
Announcer If you have post menopausal osteoporosis and a high risk for fracture now might not be the best time to ask yourself are my bones strong?
Lifes full of make or break moments.
Thats why its so important to help reduce your risk of fracture with Prolia.
Only Prolia is proven to help strengthen and protect bones from fracture with one shot every six months.
Announcer Do not take Prolia if you have low blood calcium are pregnant are allergic to it or take Xgeva.
Serious allergic reaction like low blood pressure trouble breathing throat tightness face lip or tongue swelling rash itching or hives have happened.
Tell your doctor about dental problems as severe jaw bone problems may happen or new or unusual pain in your hip groin or thigh as unusual thigh bone fractures have occurred.
Speak to your doctor before stopping Prolia as spine and other bone fractures have occurred.
Prolia can cause serious side effects like low blood calcium serious infections which could need hospitalization.
Skin problems and severe bone joint or muscle pain.
Announcer Are you ready?
Ask your doctor how Prolia can help strengthen your bones.
With so many nourishing shades a color change is easy.
Nutrisse has 77 from our darkest blacks to our lightest blondes.
It nourishes while it colors.
Plus avocado olive and shea.
Change a little or a lot.
Nutrisse nourished hair better color.
By Garnier naturally.
Unfortunately I was fat shamed a few years ago.
I went to the doctor after a car accident and he was supposed to do some work on my back.
And while I was there he told me that I at the time I was 100 pound almost 100 pounds heavier than I am now.
And he told me I should just go ahead and have bariatric surgery done because I was never gonna be able to lose the weight naturally and I was just gonna be back in a few years asking for his help.
I was gaining weight like crazy and I would go to my doctors for help and all they ever said was to work out harder eat better.
They said that I had fat genes they said I would always have a weight problem they disregarded all of my other symptoms and said I was crazy.
And this went on for about eight years and I finally did my own research and discovered I had a brain tumor and that was causing all of my weight gain.
And a year ago I had brain surgery I had the tumor removed since then Ive lost 40 pounds.
Were back with our investigation into fat shaming.
Could you be fat shamed by your own doctor?
Wheres the line between concern about weight and fat shaming?
Dr.Jennifer Corton joins us now we are hearing more and more stories of patients they were fat shamed by their doctor.
Why is their an increase?
Well first of all this it breaks my heart.
This absolutely breaks my heart as a family doctor to think of to hear and Ill be honest with you you know were doctors Im not entirely surprised and I dont actually think this is new.
I think were hearing about it more now because people are willing to talk about it were willing to record it were willing to have conversations.
And things like social media has really opened up the platform to really share our stories and compare experiences.
So give us some advice give the average person watching some advice as a physician.
How do you know if youre doctors just you know doing his best or crossing the lineYeah into the shaming.
Into the shaming area.
Yeah you know this is what I always say I say trust your gut.
If it doesnt feel right if you dont feel right if you feel shamed or humiliated or criticized or embarrassed you know what believe yourself believe exactly how you feel.
And a doctor wanting to do the right thing does not excuse making a patient feel any of those ways.
Thats never okay.
And I say as a doctor and were both doctors but Ill say if you have a doctor that makes you feel that way or youre not comfortable Im giving you permission right now to find a new one.
Lets give you some numbers on this.
Studies have found hallelujah that overweight woman are less likely than average to get preventative care like pelvic exams and breast exams and mammograms.
Theres no excuse for this.
But people treat overweight people differently.
What is the right way for a physician to address a patients weight do you think?
Well I think there are a few things and first of all as physicians weve gotta be talking about this.
These are discriminatory practices its wrong we have to talk about it and be very cognizant of it.
But as physicians we need to talk with our patients.
Thats not talk at but talk to.
We need to ask our patients questions.
Whats your journey?
How do you feel about your weight?
Tell me what youve bee doing what youve tried what your story is.
Asking questions is key.
And something that weve also talked about is this idea of never dismissing a patients symptoms just because of their weight.
We shouldnt dismiss patients symptoms because of anything anything.
We should always be doing our due diligence.
So this idea of saying oh its your weight just offhand never okay in my opinion.
And the last thing is and this is something a little bit different you know I think in the doctors office Im a family doctor and do I take someones blood pressure out in a public space?
Or do I take their pulse or their temperature?
No never.
But sometimes in doctors offices people are weighed in public places either in the hallway or in waiting rooms or things like that.
And my thing is all of this should be private.
This is our personal protected information.
Its no one elses business.
So there are things as doctors that we can do better to make this a more comfortable and appropriate situation.
Yeah you gotta feel comfortable insisting that for example youre weighed in private cause I dont want you not going to a doctor cause youre worried about it.
Weights uncomfortable I know.
Thats true for a lot of us.
But its a necessary topic.
So make sure youre talking about the doctor not at but with folks as you care about it.
I wanna bring in Norma the nurse who we met earlier who was on the plane and being bullied for...Come on up Norma.
Norma whats the best way do you think a patient should be able to address their doctor if theyre worried about weight issues?
Letting the doctor know this is new to me this is an unusual feeling.
Ive been feeling like this for two weeks or two months putting a timeframe to it.
And if the doctors still not listening to you change doctors.
Always get a second opinion.
Always get a second opinion.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
As always well be right back.
I love getting to talk with you on my show every single day.
But when the cameras stop rolling the conversation is not over.
I still have a lot that I wanna talk about.
So download the Dr.Oz podcast on Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.
I would get muscle cramps several times a week for decades.
Using Theraworx Relief the cramps are gone.
Announcer Get Theraworx Relief today in stores everywhere.
Female Starting a business means I have to be well rested every night of the month.
Announcer Always overnight pads have up to a two times larger back for up to 10 hours of protection.
It catches leaks so you can catch Zs.
Female Because my morning starts before morning starts.
Announcer Always.
Announcer This has potassium.
The same amount as this.
Its a post workout snack you dont have to peal.
V8 the V is for vegetables.
Drink some.
Announcer LOreal Paris introduces rouge natural sunset matte lip stain.
Eight new warm shades.
Less texture more colors more Paris.
All day matte bare lip sensation.
Rouge natural sunset by LOreal Paris.
Female Were worth it.
Announcer What might seem like a small cough can be a big bad problem for your grandchildren.
Babies too young to be vaccinated against whooping cough are the most at risk for severe illness.
Help prevent this talk to your doctor or pharmacist today about getting vaccinated against whooping cough.
Set your eyes on my latest game changer a world famous BobOPedic queen mattress for only 299.
With all the quality and comfort of its more expensive cousins its really a little gem of a mattress so thats what we called it the BobOPedic gem.
Group At Bobs Discount.
Lifeguards not properly trained or doing their jobs.
Pool areas that arent properly gated or up to code.
We trust that the pools our families use to swim are safe and secure.
But when a management or lifeguard company fails to comply with pool safety regulations tragedy can occur.
Im attorney David Haynes of The Cochran Firm.
If your loved one drowned due to someone elses negligence call The Cochran Firm.
Well help you get the justice you deserve.
Announcer Looking for that great job but lack the experience?
Not again.
Announcer Let CET help you get the training you need for the job you want.
There are no semesters or quarters here.
You can start almost anytime.
Go from learning to earning.
CET is approved to train veterans offers financial aid and job placement assistance.
Lots of programs to choose from.
Enroll today start tomorrow.
Call CET and change your life.
Get Bobs discount on furniture on lamps on chairs on mattresses.
On rugs too.
Group Get Bobs Discount.
Announcer Only at Bobs Discount Furniture.
Its a big day!
Im excited to announce the launch of my all new Oz Guide.
Theyre new quarterly single topic mini zines little magazines cute little things that will tackle some of your biggest health problems.
Our very first issue will be on the news stands and at supermarket checkout counters later this month.
Its an Oz approved plan featuring the healthiest fats around which are MUFAs.
Cause you know MUFAs are monounsaturated fatty acids.
Theyre plant based fats so the easiest way to remember them is to look for healthy fats that arent from animal sources such as avocados.
Come bouncing down.
Or you know what also counts nuts and seeds.
They can really fill you up.
And one of my favorites olives.
Black and green.
So there was a study done through the American Diabetic Association that found that a diet rich in MUFAs works to actually reduce belly fat.
Its a big deal.
But you dont wanna want...We dont really want these foods getting boring.
All right thats the problem.
I know I know youre thinking that.
So Ive been hearing reports of nuts and seeds fatigue.
Shy away from this problem.
And then theres avocado apathy.
Nobody wants that.
Making headlines.
And then of course olive monotony.
One of the worst problems to run into.
So I have challenged three Bite Club members to come up with new MUFAlicious recipes in my first ever MUFA awards.
This is a very serious competition.
We have spared no expense as you can tell.
I hope youre impressed by that.
The MUFA awards the inaugural launch here the dishes were judged by a team of tasters who are harsh people tend to be sour and dour in nature.
So Ill present their reports to you.
Prior to the show they tasted all these foods.
The winner will take home our coveted golden avocado.
So Im excited to hear what they have made.
Jenny came up with a new way to use nuts and seeds.
What did you make?
So I made a burger.
I combined macadamia nuts almonds cashews and pecans with a lot of seeds.
Pumpkin seeds hemp seeds sesame seeds and quinoa mushrooms olives.
And there you go.
You know it could have been dry but its not.
Very fulfilling.
Tastes meaty without the meat.
And rich in MUFAs as you described.
Nicely done.
Jenny Thank you.
All right next up.
Roberta came up with a next level way to use avocados.
What did you do?
You have a sweet tooth dont you?
I do.
Secret agent chocolate pudding.
Very clever diabolical.
You know why?
Dr.Oz Why?
Roberta Cause our avocado is the secret agent.
Its a good name.
Now this goes great with wine.
Sorry I just had to throw the wine in there.
If youd brought the wine it could have influenced the judges.
Right probably.
So decadent so delicious.
You wouldnt even know theres avocados in there.
Its very thick and it does fill your mouth and its very chocolatey.
Nice combo.
And this is a very strong competitor tonight.
But yours was too.
But before we judge thank you very much Roberta.
Youre welcome.
We have Paula.
Paula what do you have here?
You have an olive looking item here.
So we have tahini filled hummus and these are actually gluten free crackers that are made from all those seeds that just feel from the sky over there.
You love green olives.
I do.
Delicious.
And a lot of people eat...Who eats hummus?
Everyone eats hummus right?
I love hummus.
So I lightened the hummus up a little bit by adding some cauliflowers so it lowersYou did?
Yeah it lowers the calorie count.
You cant tell the difference.
No.
And then also this is a daikon radish.
This is a carrot 46 calories.
10 calories.
If you need a vehicle to get the hummus in your mouth try a daikon.
Gimme that daikon.
I like this idea.
You put a lot of garlic in this Im very proud of you.
I did.
Its delicious isnt it?
So flat belly hummus.
Speaks to my heart.
All of these you will lose weight with if you eat them the right way.
But I have the unfortunate and difficult task of revealing the winner.
Are we ready for this?
No hard feelings.
All right.
So I have deliberated with the judges and the first ever MUFA award and the person taking home the golden avocado today is Paula!
Oh my god.
Oh my goodness.
Paula wins!
Paula wins!
You like me you really like me.
I like all three of you actually.
Although you won this and that was fantastic I gotta say dont worry because were gonna be publishing both of your recipes in the book the mini book zine.
So Im very proud of you.
The OZ Guide to a flat belly its available on news stands and at supermarket checkout counters later this month.
Check it out share it with your friends and remember everybody today the change is happening our journey is just beginning.
Ill see you next time.
Its really good.
Are you looking for a hassle free simple way to sell your home as is?
We buy houses directly.
Theres no middle men no commissions.
Give us a call today.
House Buyers of America.
Real estate made real easy.
After my car accident I didnt know that a lawyer would help deal with all my medical bills.
I didnt know I could also get money for pain and suffering.
We do know.
Call 1800LAWYERS or visit YouHaveALawyer.com.
If you have a phone you have a lawyer.
Keep it down there I have a system.
Keith used to be great to road trip with but since he bought his house...Are you going 45?
Uh yes.
55 is a suggestion.
Its kind of like driving with his dad.
What a sign huh?
Terry can you take a selfie of me?
Take a selfie of you?
Yeah.
Can you make it look like Im holding it?
He did show us how to bundle home and auto at progressive.com and save a bunch of money.
Oh a plaque.
He later navigated northward leaving the settlers...Announcer Progressive cant protect you from becoming your parents but we can protect your home and auto when you bundle with us.
Announcer At Pro Plan we believe nutrition is full of possibilities to improve your pets life.
Were redefining what nutrition can do because the possibility of a longer life and a healthy life is the great possibility of all.
Purina Pro Plan nutrition that performs.
Are you looking for a hassle free simple way to sell your home?