
Announcer Everything at 0 interest for 36 months.
So dont wait hurry in now.
LaZBoy Furniture Galleries live life comfortably.
Announcer New CBS Sunday Brandon Michael Hall stars in God Friended Me.
Carrie Ann Its Thursday February 14th Valentines Day and The Talk is live.
Empire star Jussie Smollett speaks out for the first time since his attack last month.
He tells Robin Roberts hes not just angry at the men who beat him hes also outraged at the skeptics who doubt his story.
Desperate for fame and likes a wannabe Instagram influencer posts herself throwing a chair off a buildings 45th floor balcony.
Is your sex drive in sync with your partners?
One company claims its found a way to make sure youre both in the mood with no risk of rejection.
Justin Bieber is reportedly being treated for deep depression issues.
Find out how his wife Hailey is helping him and what they are putting on hold.
Then our neighborhood is about to get a whole lot funnier thanks to the stars of the hit CBS show The Neighborhood.
Cedric The Entertainer and Tichina Arnold are here.
So lets start talking.
Music We can talk it we can talk it out Music Music So what you got what you got Music Music What you got now Music Music We got now Music Music So lets talk it out Music Hello and welcome to The Talk.
Happy Valentines Day everybody.
Lets get started with Empire.
Audience Member Happy Valentines Day!
Happy Valentines Day.
Happy Valentines Day.
All right lets get started with Empire star Jussie Smollett speaking out for the first time after his attack.
Its been two and a half weeks since Jussie said he was attacked in Chicago by two men who yelled racial and homophobic slurs punched him wrapped a rope around his neck and then doused him with bleach.
Because police said Jussie initially refused to turn over his phone records and that the ones he did eventually give them were heavily edited and redacted some people have accused the Empire star of lying.
Today Jussie sat down with GMAs Robin Roberts to set the record straight.
Im pissed off.
What is it that has you so angry?
Is it the attackers?
Its the attackers but its also the attacks.
Wanting me to give my phone to the tech for three to four hours.
Im sorry but Im not going to do that.
Why?
Because I have private pictures and videos and numbers.
My partners number my familys number my castmates number my friends numbers my private emails my private songs my private voice memos.
I dont know what thats gonna be to hand over my phone.
While Chicago Police have screened lots of footage from neighborhood security cameras they still have not found video of the actual attack.
Jussie shared his frustration.
I want that video found so badly because for probably four reasons.
Number one I want them to find the people that did it.
Number two I want them to stop being able to say alleged attack.
Number three I want them to see that I fought back and I want a little gay boy who might watch this to see that I fought the beeping back.
It does not take anything away from people that are not able to do that but I fought back.
They ran off I didnt.
And we have this new update from Chicago Police who announced they are questioning two persons of interest in connection with Jussies attack.
Police stress neither person has been charged with a crime and as of now there is no evidence they were involved.
So do you think speaking out is the best way to shut down skeptics?
Audience Yes!
Oh absolutely and Ive got to side with Jussie on the thing that I dont want my phone to be looked at.
All my nude shots and things.
More specificYes!
Hours and hours.
Hours and hours of sexual footage of myself.
I wouldnt want my phone to be taken away and analyzed.
I just wouldnt want it.
Not for anything other than its my personal life on there and I just wouldnt want it so I totally get that with him.
And I totally get that he might have deleted some things.
Its hard hes been through a really tough time.
Yeah and the media has really cast so much doubt on his story which I find so personally offensive.
That a gay black man is targeted and then suddenly he becomes the victim of peoples disbelief.
Its so outrageous to me.
There have been things like well why would he be getting a Subway sandwich at two a.m.
He said himself well theyre open at that time because people go otherwise they wouldnt be open.
We go.
I go.
Or people say in that neighborhood you couldnt get a taxi.
Says who?
Its just like these sort of ridiculous things where I feel like why dont we believe this person why?
It really is sad and with all that he has been through the fact that he has to come out.
But at the same time because of social media there are so many opinions its better to hear it from his own mouth and hear it from him and feel his energy and Im glad with everything that has happened I am happy that hes being brave enough to sit with Robin Roberts and share his story.
And if the naysayers know so much about what they think happened why you dont know who did it?
Exactly.
Since you know so much since you know so much just tell us what you know.
I hate the fact that we are in a social media.
Even the common person.
Usually its the celebrity and their fans and their followers.
Now its even the common person who may have something happen to them that theyre going to their supporters or whatever for acknowledgement.
Thats why people dont want to talk.
Thats why people dont want to come forward.
Because theyre gonna be judged.
And that doesnt help the situation.
Well what I hope that the police are on to something with these two persons of interest.
I hope they get them and that people have to look at how as a media and as culture we twist things and cast doubt on things that we should not cast doubt on.
And hear them apologize will people apologize.
When the truth come out will you apologize?
As hard as you judged him will you apologize?
Hope so but I doubt it.
In other news a 19yearold wannabe Instagram influencer with less than 4000 followers threw two chairs off a 45thstory balcony in Toronto over the weekend presumably to get more likes.
Now shes been arrested.
The CBC has details.
News Anchor The video of a woman tossing a patio chair off the balcony of a Toronto high rise takes your breath away.
People are stunned as they see it for the first time.
Its ridiculous why risk peoples lives for a moment of just Internet fame essentially?
News Anchor Below that balcony the Gardiner Expressway and lots of foot traffic.
Police think it was two chairs found crumpled in a heap at the base of the building.
She has been charged with endangering life and has now been released on 1500 bail and ordered to live with her mother.
So do you think all social media platforms should ban her for life?
Audience Yes!
Oh yeah I mean here is a perfect example of a young person who wants instant fame the recognition everything that comes with it for nothing except being stupid ignorant no talent.
Why would you 45 I cant even believe that the window opened on the 45th floor but however it did and her chucking.
Can you imagine if that had hit a car and that car would have crashed into another car and another and another?
I mean the thought of it just makes you shiver.
Its just ridiculous that these wannabe kids out there think overnight theyre going to get fame and fortune for being pathetic.
You are a pathetic young girl.
She wants to be an influencer.
Well why dont you work on your writing.
You want to influence people work on something.
You dont get something worth having overnight by being ridiculously ignorant as you are.
Its sad.
Yeah and its over likes.
Thats not even a real thing people.
Priyanka Chopra Jonas costars in the new romcom Isnt It Romantic.
She tells Extra that her new husband Nick Jonas is super romantic take a look.
You havent been married for too long but what is the most romantic thing in the theme of Isnt It Romantic that hes done for you?
Oh my god the night before we were getting married I was doing a bridesmaids hangout in my room.
When we opened my room to come in there was a lane of flowers all the way with about 18 or 19 gifts with little notes on each one like I will protect you I will always keep you safe.
It was just like everyone was crying.
He wins thats amazing.
He does.
He wins life.
Whats the most romantic thing anyones ever done for you?
For me my husband is the king at romantic gestures.
Hes on his way to come see me right now.
This morning I woke up and he posted this before his flight.
And Im like it just melts my heart because honestly hes amazing.
He is just great.
Aw romance.
I like romance.
Audience tell me how can I get this kind of romance?
I wanna ask the audience what do you think guys?
How am I going to get that kind of romance in my life?
Anyone nobody has any suggestions?
Any suggestions?
Youre out of luck.
Any advice please?
Yes yes yes maam?
Im so nervous Im so excited.
Come on down.
So excited.
My name is Vanessa and I wanted to sing a song to my fiance.
Oh my god Im so scared.
I dont know who that is.
Music Hi Dolly I love you Music Music Im making bad right now Music You look gorgeous.
So surprised.
When we walked out I was like looking at the ceiling whats going to drop which person is she gonna to be.
Look what I did.
Oh my god.
Look what I did for her I covered my tattoos.
I tried to get rid of my gap for her.
Before we came out again I looked at the schedule like no shes got a meeting from 1030 to 12 she cant torture me on the air.
Happy Valentines Day.
Announcer Great guests big giveaways.
Go to TheTalk.com for tickets.
Male If you are 65 or older even if youre healthy you may be at increased risk for pneumococcal pneumonia a potentially serious bacterial lung disease that can disrupt your life for weeks.
In severe cases pneumococcal pneumonia can put you in the hospital.
It may take weeks to recover making you miss out on the things you enjoy most.
Just one dose of the Prevnar 13 vaccine can help protect you from pneumococcal pneumonia.
Its not a yearly shot.
Prevnar 13 is approved for adults to help prevent infections from 13 strains of the bacteria that cause pneumococcal pneumonia.
Dont get Prevnar 13 if you have had a severe allergic reaction to the vaccine or its ingredients.
Adults with weakened immune systems may have a lower response to the vaccine.
The most common side effects were pain redness and swelling at the injection site limited arm movement fatigue headache muscle pain joint pain less appetite vomiting fever chills and rash.
Prevention begins with Prevnar 13.
Ask your doctor or pharmacist about Prevnar 13.
Male Narrator When cravings hit hit back.
Choose Glucerna with slowrelease carbs to help manage blood sugar and start making every day progress.
Glucerna.
Announcer Unwanted odors lingering too long in your car?
Try Febreze Car vent clips.
Just snap the clip and insert in the vent to eliminate lingering odors for up to 30 days.
Try Febreze car vent clips.
Available in a range of light to bold scents.
Announcer Brushing only reaches 25 of your mouth.
Listerine cleans virtually 100 helping to prevent gum disease and bad breath.
Never settle for 25 always go for 100.
Bring out the bold.
Announcer Macys Presidents Day Sale starts tomorrow.
Take an extra 20 off with your Macys card or pass.
Save 20 to 60 on furniture and mattresses.
And Levis for all just 17.99 to 49.99.
Plus Macys Star Rewards members can earn toward Star money.
Announcer Our grandparents checked their Smartphones zero times a day.
Times change eyes havent.
Thats why theres Ocuvite.
Screen light sun light longer hours.
Eyes today are stressed.
But Ocuvite has vital nutrients to help protect them.
Ocuvite eye nutrition for today.
Announcer This is Ragu Simply.
Simply made with 100 olive oil.
Simply no sugar added.
Simply dinner.
Simply delicious.
Ragu Simply.
Announcer Tonight.
Stronger together.
He stole Hillary Clintons campaign slogan.
Its only a matter of time before he steals her look.
Colberts all new with Bradley Cooper.
Announcer Melissa McCarthy and the secret life of George Washington this Sunday morning.
Are you ever in the mood but arent sure your partner is?
An Ohio couple has come up with a unique solution.
They call it LoveSync.
And theyre raising money for it on Kick Starter.
Take a look.
Love Sync is a device that lets you know when both of you are in the mood for some hippitydippity.
Its super simple.
All you have to do is place a button at each of your bedsides.
And when youre feeling a little randy you just anonymously push the button.
There is no risk of rejection.
If only one of you pushes the button nothing happens and your partner is none the wiser.
But if your partners also ready for a pants off dance off theyll press their button.
The Love Sync technology combines these anonymous inputs and recognizes that there is consensus.
It lets you both know by emitting a swirling glow from the buttons.
Serious question do you feel like you and your mates sex drives are in sync?
Well first the button is unnecessary.
Why dont you just poke me in the back or tap me on the shoulder like most people do?
I got enough gadgets in my nightstand.
I dont need this button.
I was just saying to the girls I think its gonna be like a joke gift to give out for birthday gifts or when someones getting married.
A silly little novelty gift.
I think its gonna be like the pet rock.
Useless but everybody got one.
I think its kind of cute for some reason.
I think its kind of cute but I can also see a fight between people like I pushed my button!
There is no way for rejection but there is rejection.
There is rejection.
If the person doesnt push the button back you feel some type of way its weird.
Since Linda was just out here are you and Lindas sex drives in sync?
Would you tap your buttons at the same time?
Im not going to answer those kinds of questions.
Heres the bigger story part.
So what if youre pressing the button but Im asleep and I dont see you pressing the button?
Or what if the button gets jammed?
Well theyre not that far away that they cant unjam at you.
Id rather use my batteries for other things child.
There are people who are more forthcoming than I am.
Have you guys ever had relationships where youre in sync or not in sync?
Ive had both Ive had both.
Me and Max are pretty good.
These are things on your mind for later today.
The one that got away that I think about that was like my first love when I was about 23 our sex drives were absolutely in sync.
And I had a really good girlfriend in Hawaii once tell me and her relationship has been going on I put all my energy towards my career but her shes put all her energy towards her like marriage and her love life and she says that the sex drive is the most important thing because its how you sort of keep coming back together that divine attraction on all levels right?
I had a guy who was so out of sync that I would stay up all night just so I didnt have to do nothing.
And then I would sleep all day.
Id drink coffee.
How long was this relationship?
Every time this guy calls me and he normally calls around Valentines Day you know Im busy I cant.
I never thought I would be out of sync with this guy.
Hes going to take his button and just hit you over the head with it.
Well be right back.
Announcer You know that look that life of the party look?
Walk it off look.
One more mile look.
Reply all look.
Own your look with fewer lines.
Theres only one Botox Cosmetic.
Its the only one FDA approved to temporarily make frown lines crows feet and forehead lines look better.
The effects of Botox Cosmetic may spread hours to weeks after injection causing serious symptoms.
Alert your doctor right away as difficulty swallowing speaking breathing eye problems or muscle weakness may be a sign of a lifethreatening condition.
Do not receive Botox Cosmetic if you have a skin infection.
Side effects may include allergic reactions injection site pain headache eyebrow eyelid drooping and eyelid swelling.
Tell your doctor about your medical history muscle or nerve conditions and medications including botulinum toxins as these may increase the risk of serious side effects.
So give that just saw a puppy look and whatever that look is.
Look like you with fewer lines.
Own your look with the one and only Botox Cosmetic.
Announcer Those arms theyll be jelly tomorrow.
Itll hurt to sit and laugh because that workout is working.
Feed it with Special K.With iron protein and B vitamins.
Feed your progress feed your power feed your change.
Announcer I was thrilled to be able to go with my friends to our annual gettogether especially after being diagnosed last year with advanced nonsmall cell lung cancer.
Announcer Another true story with Keytruda.
I started Katie on Keytruda and chemotherapy and shes getting results we rarely saw five years ago.
Announcer In a clinical trial significantly more patients lived longer and saw their tumors shrink than on chemotherapy alone.
It has changed my approach to treating patients.
Announcer Keytruda may be used with certain chemotherapies as your first treatment if you have advanced non squamous nonsmall cell lung cancer and you do not have an abnormal EGFR or ALK gene.
Keytruda helps your immune system fight cancer but can also cause your immune system to attack healthy parts of your body.
This can happen during or after treatment and may be severe and lead to death.
See your doctor right away if you have new or worse cough chest pain shortness of breath diarrhea severe stomach pain or tenderness nausea or vomiting rapid heartbeat increased hunger or thirst constipation dizziness or fainting changes in urine or eyesight muscle pain or weakness joint pain confusion or memory problems fever rash itching or flushing.
These are not all the possible side effects.
Tell your doctor about all your medical conditions including immune system problems if youve had an organ transplant had or plan to have a stem cell transplant or have lung breathing or liver problems.
Where I am now compared to a year ago its a story worth sharing.
Announcer Living longer is possible.
Its true Keytruda from Merck with more FDAapproved uses for advanced lung cancer than any other immunotherapy.
Justin Bieber is reportedly putting his wedding plans on hold because of his mental health.
Justin and his wife Hailey were married in a secret civil ceremony last year and had planned to say I Do again in a religious service but those plans were delayed while Justin seeks counseling for his depression.
A source tells People Magazine that the 24yearold has felt overwhelmed by fame.
The source says being followed having his every move stalked by fans cameras in his face it all sets him off and he often feels like everyone is out to get him.
Have you ever had to put something on hold to focus on your mental health?
All Yeah.
I think that most of us have.
When life becomes you lose control of whats going on and you just think I cant do it I cant.
I need to take a breath.
I feel badly for him because I know that a lot of people are probably saying well whats he depressed about?
Hes got everything hes got this that and the other and it just doesnt work that way with severe depression it really doesnt and I feel really bad for him right now.
I am happy that hes getting himself together his head together his priorities hes got right.
And Im glad hes taking a break for himself.
There was a time once when I felt like my father died right before a season of Dancing with the Stars like four days before.
As much as I felt myself going into depression but I had to put it off.
Have you ever done this as well?
Where theres like a time where I had to put like a steel wall between me and my emotions so I could get through the season of Dancing with the Stars and everything that was coming.
I had just broken up with my fiance my dad died I moved I was diagnosed with chronic illness.
It was one of those times that I knew I didnt have time.
What was important is you shouldnt push off your emotions unless you know you can have a time to deal with it.
Thats the part that was key.
I knew after the season was over I could spend like three months just sort of taking care of myself and I was very fortunate to have that.
Ive had it almost the opposite.
Did you feel during that time that you were acting out at all or having weird emotions kind of sneak out?
Yeah they do sneak out because emotions are emotions.
They have their own template their own desires that come out and they will find a way out.
You can put them off for like.
Dancing with the Stars is like 10 weeks out of the year.
So for 10 weeks I could kind of put them on hold but they would sneak out.
I would watch Dance.
Andy Dick was on our show that year.
He danced something I like lost it.
It was really simple it was my own emotions with my own life coming up.
But then what did you do once you had that time?
I actually sought counseling.
I love to read.
There are so many great books that you can read.
I bought every book I could possibly find on depression.
I just went and sought my friends my support system I was very lucky.
Well be right back.
Heavenly hand cream.
Heavenly hand cream?
My hands get so dry and cracked I need serious relief.
Thats why I use OKeefes Working Hands.
Its Americas number one selling hand cream.
For guaranteed relief of dry and cracked hands.
Thanks to OKeefes I got my hands back.
Millions of people across the country are losing weight and improving their health.
What do we all have in common?
Nutrisystem.
Announcer Introducing new FrehStart from Nutrisystem.
Jumpstart your weight loss and your healthy lifestyle.
Our chefs create your favorite foods made healthier.
Perfectly balanced to put your body in fat burning mode.
Lose weight naturally.
I lost 50 pounds with Nutrisystem.
Announcer Lose up to 13 pounds and 7 inches overall in your first month.
I can even eat out with family and friends.
Announcer Call or go online right now and save 40.
Im doing things now that I never thought I could.
Announcer Order today and well rush you Nutrisystem FreshStart plus a week of allnew FreshStart shakes free.
High protein designed to burn fat with probiotics to shrink your belly.
Plus FedEx shipping free.
Try us money back guarantee.
Join the millions who have lost weight and improved their health.
Call or go online right now.
Announcer Go online or call 866990Fit7 right now and save 40 plus get probiotic shakes free.
Announcer Its Macys Presidents Day Sale with specials Friday through Monday.
Like 40 off shoes and boots for her coats 49.99 to 89.99 and designer pillows or towels only 5.99.
Tomorrow at Macys.
Announcer So there you are with your depression.
And your dirty laundry that you just dont want to deal with.
Because depression is multiple symptoms.
Yeah time for a change.
And your doctor tells you about Trintellix.
A prescription medicine for depression.
So youre feeling this overall relief and Trintellix had no significant impact on weight in clinical trials.
You got this.
Tell your doctor right away if you have worsening depression unusual changes in mood behavior or thoughts of suicide.
Antidepressants can increase these in children teens and young adults.
Do not take with MAOIs.
Tell your doctor about your medications including migraine psychiatric and depression medications to avoid a potentially lifethreatening condition.
Increased risk of bleeding and bruising may occur especially if taken with NSAID pain relievers aspirin or blood thinners.
Manic episodes or vision problems may occur in some people.
May cause low sodium levels.
Common side effects include nausea constipation and vomiting.
Announcer Not living in sweat pants.
Announcer Ask your doctor about changing to Trintellix.
Drop it right now.
You took my sons life.
Sorry boss we got a problem.
Announcer Dont miss The Neighborhood.
New CBS Monday eight seven central.
They say...
They say.
They say in D.C.We just cant get things done.
We say.
This is where idealists come together.
And history inspires us to greatness.
So what matters.
What they say Or whats real?
Announcer Have you been hurt in a car accident?
Motorcycle accident?
Or a big truck accident?
When you are hurt in any kind of accident you have a lawyer.
Thats right when you need a lawyer you have a lawyer.
No matter what kind of accident youve been in call us at Saiontz and Kirk or go to YouHaveALawyer.com.
Any time anywhere 247 days nights or weekends.
When youve been hurt and you need a lawyer.
You have a lawyer.
1800Lawyers or YouHaveALawyer.com.
Announcer Call 1800Lawyers or visit YouHaveALawyer.com.
If you have a phone you have a lawyer.
Is your house less than perfect?
I am Dan from MarketPro Home Buyers and we want to buy your home.
Dont make repairs dont pay commissions and dont wait another day.
Well get you the cash you need.
No agent fees no closing costs.
Well even help you pack and move for free.
For a noobligation offer call 301799SELL.
Thats 3017997355 or visit MarketProHomeBuyers.com.
We buy houses as is on your schedule call today.
Im Darren Haynes catch my take on sports right here on WSA9.
With harsh winter storms affecting nearly every part of the country this week snowball fights are a common occurrence but one Seattle woman got arrested after she nearly ran over a group of people who allegedly threw snowballs at her car.
The local CBS station has details.
News Anchor Joey Wiser shot this cellphone video thats now gone viral.
He told me he couldnt believe the woman behind the wheel of this blue Jeep would swerve past him before running straight into a group of people across the street narrowly missing them.
It seems like her intention was to run them over.
It was a neighborhood snowball fight that went wrong.
News Anchor Rocky Moran was the person seen in the video trying to hold the woman down.
He said that she got upset because her car was hit by one of the snowballs.
The womans car ended up getting stuck in the snow.
Neighbors called police and her arrest was also caught on camera.
Authorities said the woman now identified is facing charges of DUI and reckless driving.
Oh my gosh what is wrong with people?
What is wrong with her?
People need to calm down.
You dont go after somebody with your car a vehicle that could kill people when you were hit by a snowball its just ridiculous.
And the thing is she could have lost control of that car in the snow so its so ridiculous.
Im glad nobody got hurt but Im also glad that she was caught because she was drinking and driving.
So at least she got arrested.
So Im glad she did do what she did.
Its a good reminder about these kind of videos everywhere right?
Even if youre not drunk.
When I was at the Grammys the other day I was trying to see Linda perform her section with Dolly and I was backstage with her and then I went to go get seated during it.
And they kept saying oh its a commercial you cant go in okay now you cant sit in your seat and I was like you know those moments where youre like I have to.
I was like cool it Sara because theres videos everywhere.
Its like you learn.
Not that I would anyway but you just cant take your life out on other people which is what I always think these things are.
Something else is bothering this person.
Its a little neighborhood snowball fight.
Why didnt you get involved in the fight?
She could have jumped out the car balled a snowball up and said I got you and then hit them.
Then it would have been fun in the neighborhood.
Were just not neighbors anymore.
Maybe it would have sobered her up too.
To be out in the cold in that snow.
We think of everything.
Sober up and dont run people over.
Well be right back.
Announcer Coming up next from The Neighborhood to our table Cedric The Entertainer and Tichina Arnold.
Are you ready for this?
She doesnt like it.
You gotta get in there.
Be careful not to get it in her eyes.
I know what a bath is.
Smile honey.
First kid.
Here we go.
Second kid.
Coming in Mommy?
Not a chance.
By their second kid every parent is an expert and more likely to choose Luvs than firsttime parents.
Luvs with Night Luv Plus absorbs wetness faster than Huggies Snug and Dry.
For outstanding overnight protection at a fraction of the cost.
Live learn and get Luvs.
On tour every second counts.
I need great without the weight.
Announcer New Elvive Rapid Reviver Deep Conditioners.
LOreals patented conditioners work fast with no leavein time.
Enriched with damagerepairing serum.
Two times easier detangling.
Two times less breakage than with the leading conditioner.
Works deep repaires damage fast.
Hair is transformed instantly.
New Rapid Reviver Deep Conditioners.
Elvive revives damaged hair.
Were worth it.
Wow Im in really great shape.
My PT says Im in the top 5 fittest in the state.
Fun fact I have a huge office.
Announcer Make this Valentines sweeter than ever.
New special event download now.
Metastatic breast cancer is relentless but Im relentless too.
MBC doesnt take a day off and neither will I.I treat my MBC with everyday Verzenio the only one of its kind that can be taken every day.
Verzenio is the only CDK four and six inhibitor approved with hormonal therapy that can be taken every day for postmenopausal women with HRpositive HER2negative MBC.
Verzenio plus an AI helped women have significantly more time without disease progression and more than half of women saw their tumors shrink versus an AI.
Diarrhea is common may be severe or cause dehydration or infection.
Before taking Verzenio tell your doctor if you have fever chills or other signs of infection.
Verzenio may cause low white blood cell counts which may cause serious infection that can lead to death.
Serious liver problems can occur.
Symptoms include tiredness appetite loss stomach pain and bleeding or bruising.
Blood clots that can lead to death have occurred.
Tell your doctor if you have pain or swelling in your arms or legs shortness of breath chest pain rapid breathing or heart rate or if you are pregnant nursing or plan to be pregnant.
Common side effects include nausea infections low blood cells and platelets decreased appetite headache abdominal pain tiredness vomiting and hair thinning or loss.
I am relentless and my doctor and I choose to treat my metastatic breast cancer with Verzenio.
Announcer Ask your doctor about everyday Verzenio.
Announcer Yeah getting your 10 grams of Silk protein.
Yeah.
Feels good.
Yeah.
Announcer Youre doing it youre going to slay today.
Yeah.
Announcer Youre spilling.
Yeah.
Announcer Its okay its all progress.
Silk.
Female Announcer Nivea essentially enriched body lotion with two times the almond oil.
It deeply nourishes skin for 48 hours.
Music One two three woo Music Niva essentially enriched.
Deeply nourishes for 48 hours.
Officer shot.
Announcer Tensions in L.A.
L.A.P.D. get down!
Announcer Reach a boiling point.
We cant hold them theres too many.
Fall back.
New S.W.A.T. CBS tonight.
Male Announcer Malcolms new job.
Thats my boy right there.
Male Announcer brings pride to The Neighborhood.
These are your dads.
Yep they sure are.
Male Announcer New episode CBS Monday.
An extreme twist will push the castaways to their limits.
Male Player This game will take everything from you.
A new Survivor premieres CBS Wednesday.
Our next guests crack us up every Monday night as happily and hilariously married couple Tina and Calvin Butler on the hit CBS comedy The Neighborhood.
In next weeks episode they team up to give their adult son a pep talk about his new job take a look.
I dont know Pop.
I aint never worked in sales before.
Well youre in luck.
I mean Ive had my auto shop for 30 years.
I can teach you all about the ABCs of sales.
Always be Calvin.
You mean be grouchy and always forget to put the toilet seat down?
No babe.
Be confident be charming and always make it about the customers needs.
This customer really needs you to put the toilet seat down.
Please welcome our good friends Tichina Arnold and Cedric The Entertainer.
Congratulations are in order because Cedric you were just nominated for a NAACP Image Award.
Yes he was!
And congratulations to both of you because The Neighborhood has already been renewed for its second season and we have the moment that it happened.
We have the moment that you guys found out.
So Tichina what was going through your mind?
My daughters tuition.
Were regular people were just working actors.
Were blessed to be working.
Beth loves twerking she twerks at every possibility.
On the show itself Max Greenfield and Beth Behrs play your white neighbors the only white couple in The Neighborhood but Cedric I heard when you moved to L.A. you sort of had a similar fishoutofwater experience.
Yeah I moved into an allLatino neighborhood when I first moved to L.A. so I had to learn theres a lot of food going come over.
Its a lot of cooking going on.
Corn with sauce and mayonnaise and all that.
I didnt know what was going on.
But it was cool though.
Then you actually your Walk of Fame.
My star on the Walk of Fame.
Yes.
I used to walk around there of course and see all these stars.
You just come to Hollywood from St.Louis.
And so now when I got my star I was literally a block over from where I first moved to L.A.That was just kind of like so cool.
Hi Sharon.
Hi Tichina.
You and Cedric have been playing husband and wife for a year now.
Yes.
Does any of that like go on off when youre not working?
Do you take care of him?
Oh most definitely I dont play with his wife.
Lorna does not play and I fill her shoes as best as I can when hes on that set.
So I make sure that he rests.
You know he takes moments.
I didnt tell you I took a video of you snoring the other day.
People dont realize this man runs a whole show but hes also on the road.
So hes doing comedy on weekends.
I gotta take care of my Boo my Set Boo I make sure hes all right.
Cedric is just such an amazing human being.
Like literally this man Ive known for 20something years.
This is the first time he and I have worked together.
I have seen this man treat everybody with respect.
From the person that moves the cables.
To the first person there in the morning on our set.
He treats everybody the same.
So Im happy to have him as my friend.
The great Marla Gibbs who we all know from 227 was guest on the show this week.
So Cedric what was it like working with her?
I mean of course Marla Gibbs is an icon.
I was always a fan of 227 but when she was on The Jeffersons.
I wanted to get into a little riff with her.
She was funny though.
She is so great so gracious.
It was just awesome to have her on the set.
This iconic personality.
She loved it she loved being at work.
And to have been doing it for so long that it was just really awesome for us to be able to provide that opportunity.
She had a great time.
And she was off book.
Marla has done a lot for the black community.
She has done amazing work for the black community.
Pretty incredible but last week on the episode there featured a girls trip to a Magic Mike show in Las Vegas.
Did you crash the party a little there?
Saying hello to the gentlemen.
Look at Ced look at Ced.
And then I pulled a hamstring.
I got a little bit...
The guys were a little nervous about taking their shirts off and so I said guys let me show you how its done.
You dance you sing you dance you do all that.
To get through college I was known as Cupcakes.
Ceddy I got to see you just recently.
You were hosting the Motown 60 a Grammy celebration which was incredible.
It airs on April 21st and you cohosted with Mr.Smokey Robinson and so many other incredible performers.
Did you get to hang out with anybody or see anybody that you never met before?
The only person I really was stalking was Diana Ross and I guess it got pretty obvious that I was stalking her cause her security wouldnt let me get close enough you know.
But I did the whole went to Berry Gordy first and then Hey Diana how you doing?
Tried it but they wouldnt let me get close to her.
But why?
I dont know.
I would have called Tracy we should have called Tracy.
Tell your Mama we looking for her!
Tichina let me ask you something that everybodys been looking for is the Martin reboot.
Everybodys waiting for that What can you tell us what can you share?
I will share that Martin called me about a month ago and he got some good news about a huge network wanting to take it on so well see fingers crossed.
But it will never be the same without Tommy.
Martins show will never be the same without Tommy so its not a reboot I call it a rebirth.
When we come back we have a Valentines Day challenge that will test the foundation of Cedric and Tichinas TV marriage.
Get ready to play Husband and Wife but not in Real Life.
Male Announcer When you eat a bowl of oatmeal youre getting Beta Glucan.
Thats a soluble fiber that slows the breakdown of carbohydrates and that provides energy that lasts.
Only one OTC topical pain relievers label claims were FDA approved just like prescription medicines.
New Salonpas Patch large.
Uniquely labeled to treat mild to tough or moderate pain for up to 12 hours.
Salonpas power without a prescription.
Female Announcer Its Macys Valentines Day Sale.
Give the wonder of love and save on watches fine jewelry and more.
Plus get an extra 20 off with your Macys card or savings pass.
Now at Macys.
My mom washes the dishes before she puts them in the dishwasher so what does the dishwasher do?
Cascade Platinum does the work for you prewashing and removing stuckon foods the first time.
Wow thats clean.
Cascade Platinum.
Announcer The day after chemo shouldnt mean going back to the doctor just for a shot.
With Neulasta Onpro patients get their day back.
To be with family or just to sleep in.
Strong chemo can put you at risk of serious infection.
In a key study Neulasta reduced the risk of infection for 17 to 1 a 94 decrease.
Neulasta Onpro is designed to deliver Neulasta the day after chemo and is used by most patients today.
Announcer Neulasta is for certain cancer patients receiving strong chemotherapy.
Do not take Neulasta if you are allergic to it or Neupogen filgrastim.
An incomplete dose could increase infection risk.
Ruptured spleen sometimes fatal as well as serious lung problems allergic reactions kidney injury and capillary leak syndrome have occurred.
Report abdominal or shoulder tip pain trouble breathing or allergic reactions to your doctor right away.
In patients with Sickle Cell Disorder serious sometimes fatal crises can occur.
The most common side effect is bone and muscle ache.
Announcer Ask your doctor about Neulasta Onpro.
Pay no more than 5 per dose with copay card.
90 of women have a skin care routine but what about a lip care routine?
Pay your lips some attention.
The Chapstick total hydration collection.
Exfoliate nourish naturally enhance your lips.
Chapstick put your lips first.
Music When you have nausea heartburn indigestion Music Music Upset stomach diarrhea Music Announcer Girl Pepto Ultra Coating will treat your stomach right.
Music Nausea heartburn indigestion Music Music Upset stomach diarrhea Music Try Pepto with Ultra Coating Announcer In an era of online retail where everything is just a few clicks away buying a car should be no different.
Thats why at Carvana you can buy a car 100 online.
We made it easy to browse view and buy from over 10000 cars.
You can even trade in your old car all while binge watching your favorite TV show.
Afterwards well deliver your car to you or you can pick it up from one of our car vending machines.
Either way your car comes with a sevenday return policy.
So grab a seat relax in your comfy pants and enjoy the new way to buy a car at Carvana.
Announcer Had enough of comedy thats quiet ironic and understated?
Or do you just want funny?
You know that chicken isnt meat.
Are you sure?
Its small and skinny and a little bitter.
Comedy that makes you laugh.
Jokey joke joke ha he ho ooh.
What a concept.
A new Fam after a new Mom CBS tonight.
Announcer Additional sponsorship provided by.
Guess Ill bring a can of this stuff everywhere.
Female Announcer Made with real cream.
Reddi Whip instant greatification.
Were back with the stars of The Neighborhood Cedric The Entertainer and Tichina Arnold.
Now we want to have a little Valentines Day fun with the two of you so were going to find out how much Americas favorite new TV couple really knows about each other in a game were calling Husband and Wife but Not in Real Life.
Before the show we asked Tichina and Cedric a few questions about themselves and now its time to see if they can guess how the other person answered.
If they can get three matches everyone in our studio audience goes home with a prize.
Are you ready?
Pressures on.
No whispering answers no whispering.
Cedric John David?
First person okay Cedric.
Tichina Im nervous.
Who is Tichinas favorite musical artist?
Oh wow Im going to say Im going Aretha Franklin.
Tichina is he right?
Close baby close.
Very close okay Sharon youre up.
Okay who is...now you guys come on.
Sara You gotta move it along or you wont get any right.
Who is Cedrics celebrity crush.
Oh yeah.
Im gonna go with Rihanna.
Is that right?
Rihanna shes young still but shes still woman and shes just awesomely talented.
Sara Cedric lets see the answer.
I said...Sara Carrie Anne youre up.
You guys better pull it together here.
Cedric your turn.
Cedric focus.
Who is Tichinas celebrity crush?
Cedric The Entertainer.
Sara Final answer is he right Tichina?
No he aint right.
John David Washington Denzels son right?
Sara Okay now we got Sheryl.
Tichina what movie always makes Cedric cry?
I wanna say The Five Heartbeats.
Sara Is she correct Cedric?
Im guessing shes not based on her track record.
Weve got another question.
So Cedric what is Tichinas biggest fear?
Imma go with bugs maybe bugs or something.
Sara Bugs is he right?
You are so right.
Sharon lets do one more question quickly here.
All right which celebrity does Cedric text the most?
Oh this is a nobrainer Steve Harvey.
Cedric is she right?
Lets see it Cedric we gotta go to break.
I was going to say George Lopez but Steve first.
Guys you only got one match.
Thank God youre not married in real life but we dont want anyone to leave emptyhanded so everyone in our studio audience is being treated to something special for Valentines Day.
Hotel Via in San Francisco a threeday twonight stay for you and your Valentine.
Hotel Via is a boutique hotel in San Francisco with a stunning rooftop lounge.
It features 159 chic and sophisticated guestrooms which boasts a modern minimalist design concept.
Visit HotelViaSF.com.
This getaway value retails for 950 for your chance to win at home go to thetalk.comgiveaways.
Tichina Arnold and Cedric The Entertainer thank you.
The Neighborhood airs Friday nights at eight on CBS and will be right back.
Its Friday.
So let your hair down.
I dont look the same every day.
The Talk on CBS.
Announcer If you like many people are covered by both Medicare and your states Medicaid heres something important to know.
Now you can get even more health benefits than you already have.
Its the UnitedHealthcare Dual Complete plan.
To find out if you or someone you care about is eligible its easy.
Call now to talk with us.
We can explain it all and answer any questions.
Medicaid gives you benefits and Medicare gives you some too but a Dual Complete plan can add even more benefits and features compared to original Medicare.
Youll have lots of doctors and hospitals to chose from plus prescription drug coverage and depending on where you live you can enjoy other benefits too.
Like dental care vision coverage and rides to and from your doctor or hospital.
You can even get a health products catalog with credits you can use to shop for everyday things like vitamins oral health items and first aid kids.
And best of all with this plan there is no additional cost to you.
Remember if you have Medicare and Medicaid chances are you can get a Dual Complete plan.
So call now to talk with us and learn more.
Or ask to have a licensed agent visit your home and take you through everything step by step.
We know healthcare can be confusing.
UnitedHealthcare can straighten things out.
With 40 years of experience you can count on us to be there all along the way.
With a Dual Complete plan you can have a wide choice of doctors to choose from better prescription drug coverage dental and vision coverage too.
All at no additional cost.
You have Medicare you have Medicaid.
You may be eligible for Dual Complete.
So call the number on your screen now to see if youre eligible or to enroll in a Dual Complete plan from UnitedHealthcare.
Music So soft Music Charmin Ultra Soft.
Its softer than ever.
Announcer Charmin Ultra Soft is softer than ever so its harder to resist.
Okay this is getting a little weird.
Enjoy the go with Charmin.
I got a certain way I like to do things.
I like Consumer Cellular.
I get unlimited talk and text for just 25 a month.
With no contract.
They received a J.D power award for highest customer service again.
And Consumer Cellular has been an approved AARP provider since 2008 so we trust them.
Reliable nationwide coverage for way less money thats the way...We like it.
Get wireless the way you like it.
Call go online or find us at Target.
Oh milk am I willing to pay the price for loving you?
Youll make my morning but ruin my day.
Complicated relationship with milk?
Pour on the Lactaid.
100 real milk just without that annoying lactose.
Mmm thats good.
Has MacGuyver met his match?
MacGuyver!
Shes intense.
Youre just figuring that out?
Then FBIs most wanted fugitive is in Five0s custody.
Hes gone.
Lets just let him die in the storm.
That would be too good for this guy.
A new Hawaii Five0 after a new Macguyver CBS Friday.
Female Announcer Great guests big giveaways.
You havent seen The Talk until youve seen it in person.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
Youve been a spectacular audience.
Go to TheTalk.com for tickets and join the fun.
We cant say goodbye on Valentines Day without giving you one more present.
Its time to bring you something we think youll love in todays Must Have.
Kate Spade New York In Full Bloom Eau de Parfum is a modern rose floral scent with a fresh twist perfect for Valentines Day gifting.
Everyone in todays studio audience is going home with a Kate Spade New York In Full Bloom fragrance.
For your chance to win at home retweet our post on Twitter or go to thetalk.comgiveaways.
Thank you all for joining us and remember its always the right time to have...Audience The Talk!
Announcer Dont miss a new S.W.A.T. CBS tonight.
Announcer Next ET Blake Gwen and Elvis?
Its about the only trick I got.
Announcer Weve got the couples connection to The King plus Harry and Meghans first married Valentines Day apart?
Next ET.
Announcer Tonight at seven thirty on WUSA9.
Can you really sell a house in any condition?
Call us to answer a few questions.
Meet us at your house to go over the paperwork.
Pick a convenient closing date thats it.
Music Express Home Buyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music After your car accident is the insurance company pressuring you to settle?
When you need help dealing with an insurance company after a car accident you have a lawyer.
Thats right when you need a lawyer you have a lawyer.
No matter what kind of accident youve been in call us at Saiontz and Kirk or go to YouHaveALawyer.com.
When youve been hurt and you need a lawyer.
You have a lawyer.
1800Lawyers or YouHaveALawyer.com Announcer Call 1800Lawyers or visit YouHaveALawyer.com.
If you have a phone you have a lawyer.
An inherited house can be a blessing or a burden.
If youre feeling more burden call Express Home Buyers and sell that house in less time than it will take to clean it.
Music Express Home Buyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music Music The one and only TV nine Music Female Announcer This is Daily Blast Live.
Were talking to about...