
Us a quote.
It was so easy.
Dan even helped pay to pack and move us.
MarketPro Homebuyers truly helped my family when we did not know what to do.
Narrator Call us today at 3017997355.
Narrator From LeBron James.
Victorys only a mile away.
Narrator Million Dollar Mile premieres this March.
Lets see Ive got all my Super Bowl snacks.
Ive got pigs in a blanket pigs out of blankets and just blankets.
Hey its my mutual Instagram friend Sir Patrick Stewart.
Hey thanks for being here.
I had no idea you were such a Super Bowl fan.
Oh of course!
I love American football.
They get to use their hands.
Oh lets get this mother started yeehaw!
Yeah buddy!
Give me a beer!
Gritty!
Gritwold G.Grittington.
I hope you dont mind but I brought a friend.
He was just outside now parking the van.
Oh sorry for the confusion earlier.
Shake?
Gritty and I go way back.
We used to be in the Royal Shakespeare Company together.
Oh sure Hamlet.
No Gritty played Juliet.
I have no idea where the skull came from.
Okiedoke.
Music Wed better get a buzz going Music Who would like to shotgun a brewski?
Announcer Ball in the air and its intercepted!
One twoOh doorbell.
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer?
Please Stephen were friends.
Just call us Chuck and Speaker of the House Nancy.
Okay so what are you guys doing here?
We figured your little get together needed us.
Why is that?
Both Cause were the party leaders.
Gritty!
Well Im glad youre here.
Why dont you come on in?
Oh no theres more trouble in Washington.
We gotta go.
Oh okay.
Juice it Nancy!
Thanks thanks for stopping by.
Gritty if thats out of tune.
Come on get in there!
Knock his head off!
Patrick this is the halftime show.
Music I got the moves Music Im aware of that.
Snap his femur!
What do you wanna do now?
Well I hear theres an all new Late Show.
On Sunday?
Mhmm.
Lets check that out.
Huh thats weird.
Wheres the host?
Oh god!
Im supposed to be there.
Captain beam me up!
Stephen thats not a real thing.
It is to me.
Gritwold.
Gritwold!
You have violated the prime directive.
Give that back to me.
Announcer Its The Late Show with Stephen Colbert Super Bowl Edition.
Tonight are you ready for some Late Show?
Plus Stephen welcomes Conan OBrien.
Musical guest James Taylor and a special appearance by Steve Carell featuring Jon Batiste and Stay Human.
And now live on tape from the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York City its Stephen Colbert!
Woo!
Hello!
Beautiful please have a seat everybody.
Thanks so much.
Welcome one and all ladies and gentlemen to The Late Show.
Im your host Stephen Colbert.
Happy happy Super Bowl Sunday.
Its always an exciting night.
Its a great day its a great day.
Its a great day.
Its our one true national holiday.
This is the one day when despite our divisions Americans come together around their TVs and for just one beautiful moment dont fast forward through the commercials.
On this great Sunday.
We all wanna see which talking animal wants to sell us beer.
Which celebrity really wanted the money.
Ive been there my brothers and sisters.
You enjoy that.
On this great Sunday.
Another annual tradition is the pregame presidential interview.
Goes back to the very first Super Bowl when Lyndon Johnson made the surprise announcement that he was sending both teams to Vietnam.
Yeah.
Oh wow.
Fun fact thats how the NFL draft started.
Oh my!
Last year last is this last year?
Last year Trump skipped the interview but Friday he sat down with Margaret Brennan of CBSs Face the Nation and he brought the nation a whole lot of face.
He started by describing how he believes hes in a good position to declare a national emergency to get his border wall when negotiations with Congress end on February 15th.
When you have people dying all over the country because of people like Nancy Pelosi who dont want to give proper border security for political reasons.
Shes doing a terrible disservice to our country and on the 15th we have now set the table beautifully.
Not a hopeful sign cause we all know what it looks like when Trump sets the table beautifully.
And so look how look.
Look how beautiful.
Look how.
The subject turned to sports when Brennan asked if Trump would let a child of his play football.
Its very its a very tough question and its a very good question.
If he wanted to yes.
Would I steer him that way?
No I wouldnt.
Why?
And he actually plays a lot of soccer.
Hes liking soccer and a lot of people including me thought soccer would probably never make it in this country but it really is moving forward rapidly.
Yes we we tried to keep soccer out for a long time but but its hard its moving so rapidly.
Thats how the caravan does it.
They just dribble their kids up to the border and then just a little bit of that little bit of this little bit of that.
Little dip dip dah dah dah.
Little dah and then they bicycle kick him into El Paso.
Yelling goal!
Thats really why we need the wall.
But its so hard to build when you cant use your hands.
Soccer soccer.
Soccer Jon.
Soccer.
Is that soccer is it?
And he explained his concerns about football.
I just dont like the reports that I see coming out having to do with football.
Margaret Concussions?
Yeah concussions and other things.
Knees and hips and shoulders and elbows and everything else.
Heads shoulders knees and toes.
Knees and toes.
Eyes and ears and mouth and many people say and Im hearing this a lot and nose.
But heres the deal.
Trumps not gonna be president forever.
Who knows?
You get clapping for that.
Who knows?
I dont know I dont know.
Jon They clapping for that.
Were barely a month into 2019 and weve already got at least 10 different candidates hoping to secure the Democratic Partys nomination cause on Friday another Democrat entered the race.
New Jersey senator and man trying to pass universal healthcare with his mind Cory Booker.
Heres a little taste of Cory Bookers video announcement.
When I was a baby my parents tried to move us into a neighborhood with great public schools but realtors wouldnt sell us a home because of the color of our skin.
So over 20 years ago I moved into the central ward of Newark to fight slumlords and help families stay in their homes.
I still live there today.
That is inspiring and I gotta say daring.
Ive never seen anyone so proud to be from Newark.
Newark home of the airport you didnt realize you were landing at.
Come because youre lost.
Stay because youre lost.
Remember when all those parked cars caught on fire?
That was this week.
This week in Newark.
And there was a lot of not so subtle antiTrump messaging in this ad.
Booker tells the story of a racist landlord turning away his parents.
Imagery of kids in cages and of course a scene of him in a barbershop which is an obvious dig at Trump since it implies Booker could grow hair but chooses not to.
But but.
Music I dont believe its fair Music But Bookers taken a real risk with the name of his campaign Cory 2020.
Bold move going with the first name.
If youll recall that did not work out too well for Jeb!
2016.
Also I dont know how I feel about having a President Cory.
Sounds like a Disney show.
Probably because it was a Disney show.
We got a great show for you tonight.
Conan OBrien is here!
But when we return I become a player in Madden NFL 19.
Stick around.
Im passed the midway.
Announcer The Late Show with Stephen Colbert sponsored by Glad with Febreeze.
It neutralizes odors with the irresistible scent of Gain.
Narrator Nosy neighbor with a keen sense of smell Glad bag full of trash.
What happens next?
Nothing.
Only Glad has Febreeze to neutralize odors for five days guaranteed.
Even the most perceptive noses wont notice the trash.
Be happy its Glad.
Narrator With Advil liquid gels youll ask what stiff joints?
What bad back?
Advil is relief thats fast strength that lasts.
Youll askWhat pain?
Narrator With Advil liquid gels.
Ill take a Coke.
Is Pepsi okay?
Is Pepsi okay?
Is Pepsi okay wow!
Are puppies okay?
Is a shooting star okay?
Is the laughter of a small child okay?
Pepsis more than okay!
ItsOkay!
Okurr!
Music I like it like that Music Music I said I like it like that Music Okay what have we learned today?
You want a Pepsi?
I want a Pepsi.
There you go okurr?
Ah Ive gotta come up with my own catchphrase.
Okay!
Music Havana ooh nah nah Music Music Half of my heart is Music Music When you have nausea heartburn indigestion Music Music Upset stomach diarrhea Music Girl Pepto ultra coating will treat your stomach right.
Music Nausea heartburn indigestion Music Music Upset stomach diarrhea Music Narrator Try Pepto with ultra coating.
Narrator Introducing highrise Rockstar 247 denim now with sculpt.
Hurry in to Old Navy for all jeans on sale up to 50 off with kids from 8 adults from 15 only at Old Navy.
Narrator With Expedia I saved when I added a hotel to our flight.
So even when she grows up shell never outgrow the memory of our adventure.
Unlock savings when you add select hotels to your existing trip only with Expedia.
Narrator New Theraflu power pods the cold and flu fighting machine you put in your machine.
Press the button to brew a powerful relief to defeat your toughest cold and flu symptoms fast.
New Theraflu power pods press sip relief.
Narrator Wednesday.
Ooh!
Narrator The battle rounds continue on the Worlds Best.
Woohoo!
Narrator The pressures on as more fan favorites fight to stay alive.
Music Theres no way I will Music Narrator Who will survive the battle rounds?
Thats amazing!
Narrator Find out on The Worlds Best Wednesday on CBS.
Narrator If your sisters teenage boyfriend keeps hitting on you.
See you later maam.
Narrator Can you catch him in the act?
This is an insane idea.
You got a better one Mrs.Robinson?
A new Fam Thursday.
Music Louie Louie oh no Music Music See we gotta go Music Narrator Bar Louie join the Gastrobar revolution.
What are you waiting for?
Music Lets go Music Narrator Ready to conquer winter?
Then it has to be a Honda SUV.
More capable with an available turbo charged engine and realtime all wheel drive.
More safety with Honda Sensing including a collision mitigation system.
And less getting lost.
Get more this winter with a Honda SUV 2019s best SUV brand.
Right now get a 2019 CRV for just 259 a month.
Dont settle for less than a Honda.
We didnt.
Narrator See your local Honda dealer today.
Music Then again youre not yourself Music Music Every day Music Jon Batiste and Stay Human everybody right over there!
Give it up for the band there you go.
Well Jon.
Yeah?
Boom.
Yeah.
Jon Im pretty excited.
We have our old friend Conan OBrien coming out here in just a minute Conan OBrien?
Funny guy hes a great guy.
Love Conan.
James Taylor James Taylors gonna perform here tonight at the Ed Sullivan Theater and we have a special little game were going to be playing with our good friend Steve Carell is gonna be here tonight too.
Oh yeah yall go way back!
Thats the best show.
This is the Super BowlYeah you gotta do it.
Tonight is the Super Bowl of late night shows I gotta say right now.
Also tomorrow Taraji P.Henson is gonna be here.
Thats gonna be fantastic.
Never interviewed her before right first time?
Think so.
Yeah.
Of course as I said this is our Super Bowl special and I love football.
Ive always wanted to play the game professionally but my doctor says I cant because I have a medical condition known as mortality.
But there is some football I am healthy enough to participate in the video game kind and luckily the good folks over at EA Sports agreed to make me a player in the new Madden NFL 19.
Yeah baby!
Heres the deal.
I was excited obviously but in order to make the most lifelike and accurate digital version of me they first needed hard data on my athletic abilities.
So I headed out to the Atlantic Health New York Jets Training Center and put my skills to the test.
Stephen Colbert Northwestern University theater major.
Ive always been told I dont have what it takes to play professional football.
And that is true.
Luckily the fine people at Madden NFL 19 agreed to put me in their game.
So I met with league player ratings adjuster Dustin Smith so he could rank my footballyness.
Dustin can I call you Dusty?
Uh.
Dusty?
Whats considered a good score?
Whats the scale here?
99s the best.
Okay.
What type of things are you gonna be judging me in today Dusty?
Strength speed throw power kick power kick accuracy catching jumping.
Is theres no blood test today is there?
Because I am high as a kite right now.
Anytime I know I need to use my knees I get an epidural.
What do you think my ratings gonna be?
Conservative 20.
To help me figure out just where I stand we brought in six foot four New York Jets quarterback Sam Darnold.
Sam.
Sir.
Thanks so much for talking to me today.
Absolutely.
How old are you?
I am 21 years old.
Yeah.
And the fact that you are younger than my oldest child is in no way depressing to me.
No its not a concern is it?
Nope no its not.
But since youre on the Jets do you ever feel like breaking out into singing songs from West Side Story?
UmMusic When youre a Jet youre a Jet all the way Music Music From your first cigarette to your Music Oh gosh.
Music I like to live in America Music Come on!
Come on you got it.
You gotta.
Wheres Dusty?
Bring in Dusty.
Do this Sam.
I cant dance.
Stephen It was time for my first official test catching.
Ready set hut!
Oh you gotta jump up and grab it.
What the hell is that?
What the hell is that?
You gotta jump up and get the ball.
How tall do you think I am?
Set hut.
Are you serious?
You throw that really hard.
Set hut.
That was sweet.
Okay.
Sam That was really cool.
And the spin.
Stephen Next up throw under pressure.
Dustin Throw under pressure.
Throw under pressure see that?
You could cut a diamond all right?
Bring it.
All right guys.
Hi Stephen.
Stephen hi.
Stephen hi.
Nice to meet ya.
This is a comedy show.
Obviously you guys were told that this is a comedy show?
Good good.
Set hut!
Dustin Thats gotta be like the worst.
18 what the bleep?
I dont think Dustins giving me a fair shake.
I mean...
Im a 54 year old man.
The doctor said Id never be able to comb my hair again.
Its like he doesnt even see how Im trying.
Please dont use this.
Promise me.
Back on the field cause its time for speed.
Just when youre ready to go just yell juice it!
Dustin Juice it you got it.
Im just trying to determine which knee I want to pop first.
Juice it!
Look at that.
Woo!
Then my juke move.
I gonna juke ya watch out!
Watch out woo woo!
Here we go woo wah!
And finally trucking.
Dustin Im gonna need you to knock over one of these big fellas and you stay on your feet and keep going.
Hut!
Time for my final rating.
What is my player rating and the important thing is that I need to really know.
This is important this is on television.
You have to tell me the truth and dont worry about my feelings.
I have a successful career I have a beautiful wife I have wonderful children.
Just be honest its important that I I know what the truth is and youre not gonna hurt my feelings.
Okay so officially 19 overall.
Stemming from my unfair rating I switched to an activity I excel at.
Sitting in a chair.
To create my digital player certified EA nerd Ben Haumiller entered my test results.
Speed strength agility.
What has he got me for elusiveness?
Ben 47.
I could be way more elusive than that.
You wanna Ill show you how elusive I can be.
Okay.
Tell me you love me.
I love you.
God I dont deserve you.
See you have no idea whether I love you or not.
I dont.
Yet I havent said anything bad okay?
Thats elusive.
Okay lets take a look at me here we go!
Okay that looks like me.
Lets doee.
Oh good Im wearing glasses.
So few football players do.
Is there any way to take this uniform off?
Cause Ive never seen me with anything approaching a male physique.
We are an E for everyone game.
Okay.
So.
Actually would you like to run a play?
Sure.
There I am as a quarterback and I already have a penalty.
What the hell just happened?
What did I do?
Ben Youre not happy as the coach either.
Stephen Yep how old do you wait a second.
How old did you make me as the coach?
Ben Oh come on youre smoothed out right there.
Youre looking all right.
Stephen You look like you carved my head out of an apple core and let it dry in the sun.
Good god man.
Man Here we go now!
All right in the pocket bullet!
And I suck.
I suck in real life.
Why would I want to suck in a game?
Look even Im mad at me.
I agree with that guy.
Now Ben.
Yes?
This is all just zeroes and ones right?
Ben Mhmm.
Well what if I gave you a one with two zeroes behind it would that help change my profile?
I like this.
Thank you.
With that and just a few clicks Ben pumped up all of my stats and gave me a tight end.
Oh yeah.
Badonkadonk.
Back it up like a Tonka truck.
God Im magnificent.
And go.
Here we go drills it!
Here comes the pain train!
All aboard unh!
Touchdown!
Stephen Woo!
How do you like me now?
Boom.
Right there.
Woo woo!
Oh come on woo!
Thank you EA Sports thank you New York Jets!
Well be right back with Conan OBrien.
Narrator When you find yourself in a strange land discover your inner hero and unlock the power to speed through everything.
In the blink of an eye.
Hertz Fast Lane powered by Clear.
In select airports 2019.
Hertz were here to get you there.
Marvel Studios Captain Marvel in theaters March eighth.
Music Its the soft Music Charmin Ultra Soft?
Its softer than ever.
Narrator Charmin Ultra Soft is softer than ever so its harder to resist.
Okay this is getting a little weird.
Narrator Enjoy the go with Charmin.
Narrator When you brew beer for over 250 years you become surrounded by ritual but there is none so powerful as a simple toast to your health.
Or as we say in Ireland slainte.
Narrator For mild to moderate eczema theres Eucrisa.
Its steroidfree.
Do not use if you are allergic to Eucrisa or its ingredients.
Allergic reactions may occur at or near the application site.
The most common side effect is application site pain.
Ask your doctor about Eucrisa.
Narrator Wake up where the action is.
Stay at a Universal Hotel with three epic theme parks outside your door and now save up to 150 when you book by March 14.
Their bearnaise sauce here is the best in town.
Uh what do you do for fun?
Not this.
Hm oh.
What am I into?
Mostly Progressives Name Your Price tool.
Helps people find coverage options based on their budget.
Flo has it I want it its a whole thing and shes right there.
Yeah shes my ride.
This dates lame.
He has pics of you in his phone.
Man Theyre very tasteful.
Julie means more to me than anything and I wanted to ask you before I ask her may I have your permission to marry her?
Narrator Youre marrying her and her whole world.
Shop Neil Lane diamond engagement rings at Kay.
Narrator This March the chase is on in the streets of LA.
Music My feet go boom boom boom Music To win one million just run one mile through one punishing course.
Theres only one catch dont get caught.
Narrator From executive producer LeBron James and host Tim Tebow.
With an elite athlete on your heels you gotta be quick on your feet.
Music Boom boom boom Music Narrator Million Dollar Mile premieres CBS Wednesday March 27.
Music Boom boom boom Music Narrator In DC great weather days are powered by Sheehy.
Narrator What is Verify?
I keep seeing stories about felons that are running for Congress.
Could you verify?
Narrator You ask the questions Verify will do the digging.
Nicole yeah we can verify that for you.
Narrator Verify look into it.
We need paperclips.
I will go get some.
Hi excuse me you cant just go and take peoples things.
Okay.
Mother of the year.
Cool.
If you havent figured it out by now life becomes very complicated.
Music But dont I make it look easy Music Music Dont I make it look good Music Oh my god I am not reading your texts with your wife.
I hope she orders the prawns.
Music Hey Music Narrator Better Things.
For more information go to FXNetworks.com.
Welcome back everybody!
Ladies and gentlemen my first guest tonight has written for The Simpsons and SNL and after 25 years hes the elder statesman of late night hosts.
Please welcome back to the show my friend and yours Conan OBrien.
Thank you very much!
Conan OBrien.
Nice to see ya.
Thank you very much its a lovely crowd.
Theyre lovely theyre lovely people.
Thank you.
Its very exciting to see Conan OBrien.
What a dayBack on the East Coast.
What a day.
Its always a treat for us.
Yep back in town.
Yeah.
Big day.
For the Super Bowl.
The Super Bowl.
The Super Bowl obviously.
That was a crazy game.
It was.
You have exciting news.
The new Conan.
Its really not.
Its the same Conan.
Its the same ConanYoure the same Conan but its a new format.
Its a new format.
New set.
Doing it for so long I said that lets do half an hour because we noticed that our crowd after a half an hour they were like were good.
Really?
Anyway.
I think in show business we call that leave em wanting some.
Yeah.
No even at half an hour theyre like you know you could go to 15 so.
Now theres tonight obviously youre dressed beautifully but suede a suede jacket.
Yeah.
Im seeing a lot more leather jackets.
Yeah yeah.
Denim a lot more denim for you.
No more suits.
Yes I like to look like a prosperous farmer you know?
A farmer whos invested well in high tech.
Thats the look Im going for.
Yeah no its important to me.
I got tired of wearing the suit and I think the suits great but I did it for so many years I thoughtYou said that like you were afraid to hurt the suits feelings.
Suits great suits fantastic.
Im sorry suit theres a suit right here going come on give me a chance.
No it looks great it looks terrific but I feel like youre interviewing me for a bank loan.
I wanted to just sort of Im a real hard worker.
I wanted to kind of just wear the kind of clothes that I do in real life.
The only thing thats important to me is that I wear a jacket.
I have to wear a jacket.
Why is this?
Thank you for asking.
Its going just as we rehearsed.
I wear I have to wear a jacket cause I have to break up where the middle of my body is because I have a and this is a confession.
I have a very disproportionate body.
When I was 14 years old I had a massive growth spurt massive.
I am six feet four.
I became I went from being a kid to six feet four overnight literally overnight.
What happened is my legs grew and grew and grew and my torso never did.
I have the legs the legs of an NBA center and I have the torso of a little girl.
And you know what?
Shes not even a healthy little girl.
She was born in the 1840s her names Molly and she has rickets.
We actually have we have an image of your torso.
Oh thats great thank you very much.
Thats my torso right there.
That was from a long time ago yeah thanks.
Right there.
Thanks for showing that!
You look fine.
Thank you.
You look fine.
Thats funny.
No one mentioned youd be showing that photo.
Keep up the B12.
Yeah.
But it is I have and so I have very very long legs and then this tiny little torso that sits atop the and people think Im exaggerating but I can prove to you that I am not no.
Look at this.
This.
This is my natural.
And look Stephen.
Yes?
I look like a shorebird avoiding an oil spill dont I?
Its just a freak show and then I have this little R2D2 body on top.
Its a freak show its a freak show and its caused meIt is.
And I haveNo photographs no papiermache.
He is alive.
Hes alive hes alive!
And my pants Im always pushing them down.
Theyre pushed down now.
They are artificially pushed down.
My penis is here.
When I use a urinal I have to flip the tie back.
Unbutton two buttons ladies not one.
Lean down take care of business.
Sure sure sure.
Its a bad scene man.
A real bad scene.
So no more suits so no more suits.
You break it up a little bit.
I realized I just undid all the good Im trying to do by displaying my body but yeah.
Its been a source of great shame for me and I want other kids out thereIm glad Im glad Im glad.
Youre glad that I feel shame?
Yes a little shame is a good thing.
Its a very good thing.
After 25 years on the air.
The show has changed.
What else have you learned about yourself over the years?
Because certainly you when you do one of these shows you learn what youre capable of but then you find out things about yourself that you never knew.
Yes I found out and this isnt even through the show.
This is just life as you go on in life when I started my show I had just turned 30.
I didnt know who I was yet.
Ive grown up and become sort of a man.
On television over this last 25 years but Im finding out new things all the time.
I found out I went to go see my doctor a couple of months ago and just for a physical.
He was doing the physical and he said By the way Conan I dont know if youre into this but I do DNA testing Im very good at it.
We could find out about your heritage.
I think some people have done that 23andMe.
I said sure lets do it.
So he took a DNA sample and I left.
Two weeks later he called me up and he said Ive never ever ever had a DNA result like this before and Ive been doing this for 10 years.
And I said what is it?
And he said you are this is true You are 100 Irish.
Now listen theres more hold it.
He said you are 100.
He said Ive never seen a 100 anything.
He said Ive been doing this a lot.
Ive done it with lots of people.
Ive seen 93.5 Ive seen 96.1 Ive seen 96 theres no such no one is 100 Irish.
He said if you go to Ireland and I looked it up and its true and you get their DNA samples you will find out that the most Irish looking people are like 86 Irish 94 Irish.
The Lucky Charms leprechaun true fact 11 Spanish.
I he said youre 100 and I said I didnt know what to make of this.
I said what does it mean?
He said what does it mean?
It means youre inbred.
And he said it he said it just like that!
He said it like that youre inbred and I was like what?
I mean first of all thats very rude but then all this stuff started to make sense to me you know what I mean?
Suddenly everything came together.
Well can I ask if you dont mind me asking in your generation is your wife Irish?
Did youWell heres where it gets crazy okay?
Because I you know I looked into it and I found out that the reason Im 100 Irish is that my people we came to Boston around the time of the Civil War.
We just all moved into a very small area a corner of Worcester Massachusetts and we justWoo!
Dont woo Worcester.
No one woos Worcester.
Its unwooable anyway.
They moved into a small corner of Worcester Massachusetts all lived in one house and married each other for 180 years.
Thats what they did and I realized and then I saw that my brothers were marrying 100 Irish women and having kids that look like those kids that would be like ah were off to get on the Titanic.
Itll all go well you know?
So Irishlooking and so I I I stopped the madness.
I stopped the madness.
Let me tell you about my wife.
Been married 17 years I love her to death.
My wife is 50 Irish.
25 Scottish 25 Welsh and I swear to God in my family they act like Conan got jungle fever.
My brothers are like whats it like man?
You went crazy!
Conan airs weeknights on TBS and new episodes of the podcast Conan OBrien Needs a Friend are available every Monday.
Conan OBrien everybody.
When we come back I share some personal space with Steve Carell.
Thank you Conan!
Narrator Whether you bath in the bathtub or bath in the sink softer waters the water your skin wants to drink!
With hard water skin can dry out more.
Culligan water is what your skins crying out for cause skin is important whether youre a baby or bald.
Thats why we say get a Culligan water softener installed.
Narrator Every material purposely chosen every texture thought out every button debated until the all wheel drive lock kicks in.
Then its kinda anything goes.
Narrator If your day doesnt unfold as predicted unfold this.
New Neutrogena makeup remover single and remove 99 of makeup 100 rain or shine.
Neutrogena.
Im missing out on our family outings cause I cant find a bladder leakage product that fits.
Everything was too loose.
But Depend Fit Flex feels tailored to me.
Narrator With a range of sizes for all body types Depend Fit Flex underwear is guaranteed to be your best fit.
Mhmm.
Mm mhmm.
Mm mmmm.
Mm?
Mhmm.
Mhmm.
Narrator TGI Fridays big ribs.
Bigger bolder meatier.
Just 12.99 for a full rack and two sides.
TGI Fridays where every night the apps are endless.
Narrator Higher higher.
Man You wont last a week.
Narrator Further.
Man Theyll never let you fly.
Narrator Faster.
Man Give it up!
Im done with you telling me what I cant do.
Narrator Captain Marvel rated PG13.
Last weekend in Miami was great though I thought the place was a bit expensive.
I actually thought I got a pretty good deal on a hotel.
Seriously you thought 200 was a good deal?
No Id never pay that for a hotel.
Trivago.
Well howd you do it then?
Yes!
How?
With Trivago you can search for the hotel you want select the dates and Trivago will compare the prices for that hotel from hundreds of websites worldwide to find the ideal hotel for you.
You look familiar do I know you?
Hotel?
Trivago.
Why shop Marshalls?
Because.
Their prices will thrill you.
Girl Woohoo!
The brands will surprise you muah.
And every trip feels like an instant victory.
Narrator Marshalls never boring always surprising.
I cant believe it.
That theres a lobster in our hot tub?
Lobster Oh you guys.
Theres a jet!
Oh I needed this.
No I cant believe how easy it was to save hundreds of dollars on our car insurance with Geico.
We couldve been doing this a long time ago.
Lobster So you guys staying at the hotel?
Yeah we just got married.
Lobster Oh congratulations.
Thank you.
Lobster Yeah Im afraid of commitment.
You know?
And being boiled alive oh shoot.
Narrator Believe it Geico could save you 15 or more on car insurance.
Lobster Ooh that guys the worst.
Tonight Chelsea Peretti Neil Patrick Harris standup from Adam Niemann plus Neil crashes my QA.
This is another question for Neil.
Theres no way we could do it cause Neil Patrick Harris isntNarrator Survivor Wednesday.
One castaway is pushed to her limits.
Im stranded!
Narrator Four returning players have a target on their backs.
I want to blend in with everybody else.
She might have to go.
Narrator And nothing can prepare you for how this one ends.
Oh my god.
Narrator New Survivor Edge of Extinction CBS Wednesday.
Narrator We give Kias advanced safety features.
We give them enduring quality.
We give it everything.
And this Presidents Day get 4000 total cash on the purchase of a 2019 Sorento V6.
Head to your local Kia dealer today.
Narrator You.
All of you.
How you live what you love.
Thats what inspired us to create Americas most advanced internet.
Internet that puts you in charge.
Man You boys have to eat.
Narrator That protects whats important.
That handles everything and reaches everywhere.
This is beyond WiFi.
This is xFi.
Simple easy awesome Xfinity.
The future of awesome.
Narrator We give Kias advanced safety features.
We give them enduring quality.
We give it everything.
And this Presidents Day get 4000 total cash on the purchase of a 2019 Sorento V6.
Head to your local Kia dealer today.
Hey everybody welcome back!
Now Steve obviously weve known each other a long long time.
Yeah.
But youre a very private person.
You know?
So are you.
Yeah.
But doing these interviews sometimes can feel false or kind of forced in front of an audience because I know youre being honest and youre telling me how you really feel but theres an audience here watching us.
Right you have to monitor yourself I think.
And also theres a little bit of a performance energy.
For sure.
Putting on a face for the faces that you meet.
Id love to take a moment just to talk to you in a more personal like a close way like in a private space.
I would really love that.
Well Im so glad to hear that.
Join us now in The Late Shows Personal Space.
Steve.
Long time viewers will know this is The Late Shows Personal Space.
Steve Carell Ill see you in the box.
Weve known each other for 30 years right?
Its been a long time.
Yeah.
Honestly Steve what was your first impression of me?
Well if Im completely honest you were very handsome.
You were talented intelligent and there was a certain joie de vivre that felt like it it was just different than the other guys at Second City.
Oh well thanks so much man.
What was your first impression of me?
He is going to be so handsome in his late fifties.
I mean really that guys gonna blossom.
Thats soWhy did you wait so long to get sexy?
You know what?
I just I just figured it was about time.
You are aware that now you are a hot salt and pepper zaddy right?
You have to have heard this right?
Cant get out of the box.
Cant youre stuck in the box.
Youre embarrassing me!
Are you ever sick of people quoting The Office to you?
No I love it.
Thats what she said.
Can I admit something to you?
Oh you can its Personal Space Steve.
The components of both of our breath is really warm.
It is it is getting a little steamy in here.
Would you like you used to be youre famously a bit of a sweater.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Would you?
Its happening.
It is it is would you like a fan?
Sure do you have a fan?
Hows that feel?
ThatsIs that good?
Thats actually a lot better.
That is really dangerously close to my right eyeball.
Is that a rubber tipped fan?
Lets find out.
Let me check.
Ah.
Yes yes.
Would you would you like a mint?
I would like a mint.
Oh!
I have a feel I have a feeling that this is going to be a meme.
Maybe we shouldnt do that anymore.
Okay.
It really is its really good to see you.
It really is good to see you too.
Can I ask you a question and I want you to be honest.
Sure.
I mean it when I was joking before but you really you look fantastic.
You have just aged like just a fragrant cheese andThank you.
You look fantastic.
Do I do I look old to you?
Do you look old?
No you look fantastic too.
Steve.
You look exactlySteve Steve youre not gonna hurt my feelings.
Just be honest.
Its important to me.
Youre not gonna hurt my feelings.
Okay Ill be honest.
You do look great.
Why did you switch to drama?
You are one of the funniest people I know.
You can make anything funny.
Why did you is it why did you become a dramatic actor?
All I want is to be respected and to be pretentious.
Youre halfway there.
Steve Carell everybody!
Well be right back!
I wanted more from my COPD medicine.
Thats why Ive got the power of one two three medicines with Trelegy.
The only FDA approved threeinone COPD treatment.
Music Trelegy Music Music The power of one two three Music Music Trelegy Music Music One two three Music Music Trelegy Music With Trelegy and the power of one two three Im breathing better.
Trelegy works three ways.
To open airways keep them open and reduce inflammation for 24 hours for better breathing.
Narrator Trelegy wont replace a rescue inhaler for sudden breathing problems.
Trelegy is not for asthma.
Tell your doctor if you have a heart condition or high blood pressure before taking it.
Do not take Trelegy more than prescribed.
Trelegy may increase your risk of thrush pneumonia and osteoporosis.
Call your doctor if worsened breathing chest pain mouth or tongue swelling problems urinating vision changes or eye pain occur.
Think your COPD medicine is doing enough?
Maybe you should think again.
Ask your doctor about once daily Trelegy and the power of one two three.
Music Trelegy one two three Music Narrator Save at trelegy.com.
Narrator My digestive system used to make me feel sluggish but now I take Metamucil every day.
It traps and removes the waste that weighs me down so I feel lighter.
Try Metamucil and begin to feel what lighter feels like.
Music Havana ooh nah nah Music Music Half of my heart isMusic I work hard to protect this Tookus.
To take care of any messy situations.
And put irritation in its place.
And if I can get comfortable keeping this Tookus safe and protected you can get comfortable doing the same with yours.
Preparation H get comfortable with it.
Narrator You gotta be quick on your feet when an elite athletes on your heels.
Million Dollar Mile CBS this March.
Were lawyers.
We dont pursue ideals we pursue outcomes.
Go pack were headed to a war zone.
We will punish the Marines who did this to you.
Marines first lawyers second.
That still the thinking back at Quantico?
Of course.
Narrator The Code series premiere April 19 after NCIS.
You know what you taught me Granny?
How to accessorize.
Yeah.
How to cheat at poker.
Well no butFrench cuss words?
Yes but also how to make real southern butterfly shrimp.
You gotta use buttery crackers for the crust and fry em up fresh.
Yes maam!
Mm this lemon mustard is fantastic!
You taught me everything I know.
Like roller derby.
Narrator Eight cracker crusted shrimp plus a side of biscuit and lemon mustard for just five bucks.
Thanks Granny.
Narrator They say its time to pack it in.
When the snow piles up and the air chills put your feet up and wait it out.
We have different plans.
Music I was waiting for this Music Music Mind over matter Music Narrator Finance and get 4000 combined cash allowance plus 500 Presidents Day bonus cash on the 2019 Cherokee.
Narrator Colon cancer screening for people 50 and older at average risk.
I think its time for a new screen.
For a different kind of screen for colon cancer.
Thought about it?
His wife asked about screening options and her doctor ordered me.
Im Cologuard the noninvasive test you use at home.
No special drink just a trip to the bathroom.
Narrator Cologuard colon cancer screening thats as easy as get go gone.
Cologuard is not right for everyone so ask your doctor if its right for you.
Music Its taking over Music Music Theres no escape Music Music You better get movin Music Music Ready or not Music Music Its about to go down Music Music Here it comes now Music Music Get ready Music Music Oh oh get ready Music Music Movin ready or not Music Narrator New Galaxy free buds music to your ears.
Get free Galaxy buds when you preorder Galaxy S10 or S10.
Narrator Great news Liberty Mutual customizeI deliver the news around here.
Sources say Liberty Mutual customizes your car insurance so you only pay for what you need.
Over to you logo.
Music Liberty liberty liberty liberty Music Youd rather dog sit Cupcake than clean the toilet?
Oh come on!
With Scrubbing Bubbles cleaning doesnt have to stink.
The foaming bubbles make your toilet super fresh!
Its cleaning reinvented.
Narrator S.C.Johnson.
Narrator Introducing highrise Rockstar 247 denim now with sculpt.
Hurry in to Old Navy for all jeans on sale up to 50 off with kids from 8 adults from 15 only at Old Navy.
Narrator When you brew beer for over 250 years it becomes surrounded by ritual.
But there is none so powerful as a simple toast to your health.
Or as we say in Ireland slainte.
Narrator The Hyundai Presidents Day Sales Event is going on now.
Get huge savings on our full lineup of cars and SUVs.
Hyundai is also making some history of its own.
The Hyundai Kona has been named the 2019 North American Utility Vehicle of the Year.
Incredible vehicles monumental savings.
Find yours during the Hyundai Presidents Day Sales Event going on now.
Get an Elantra starting at 15400 or get up to 2300 cash back now extended an extra 500 for government employees affected by the shutdown.
Narrator I wanted to attend a university that had an intelligence program.
I wanted to look at problems different.
I wanted to increase my critical thinking abilities.
AMU offered those avenues to expand.
Obtaining your degree as an adult youre actually paying yourself and investing in yourself and you cant put a dollar on it its priceless.
Its something that can never be taken away from you.
Narrator American Military University.
Learn from the leader.
My next guest has a 12 show Las Vegas residency this spring at the Colosseum at Caesars Palace.
Here performing his classic song Your Smiling Face please welcome legendary singersongwriter James Taylor.
Music Whenever I see your smiling face Music Music I have to smile myself Music Music Because I love you Music Music And when you give me that pretty little pout Music Music It turns me inside out Music Music Something about you baby Music Music I dont know Music Music Isnt it amazing a man like me Music Music Can feel this way Music Music Tell me how much longer Music Music If it grows stronger every day Music Music Oh no Music Music I thought I was in love a couple of times before Music Music With the girl next door Music Music But that was long before I met you Music Music Now Im sure that I wont forget you Music Music And I thank my lucky stars Music Music That you are who you are Music Music And not just another lovely lady Music Music Sent down to break my heart Music Music Isnt it amazing a man like me Music Music Can feel this way Music Music Tell me how much longer Music Music If it grows stronger every day Music Music Oh how much longer Music Music Nobody can tell me that Im Music Music Doing wrong today Music Music Whenever I see your smile Music Music Nobody can tell me that Im Music Music Doing wrong not today no Music Music Whenever you shine that thing my way little one Music Music Oh no no no Music Music No no no no no no Music Music La la la la Music Music Come on come on come on Music Music Oh oh oh oh Music Music No no no no Music Music La la la la Music Music Nobody gonna turn me round Music Music Nobody gonna put me down Music Music Nobody gonna push me around Music Music Whenever I see your smile Music Music No one can tell me that oohwee Music Music Im doing wrong today Music Thank you James.
Thank you.
James Taylor everybody!
Music Its easy at Sheehy Music Narrator The shorter the month the bigger the savings during Sheehys Presidents Day Sales Event.
Get your best price fast and upfront with Easy Price limited time savings are here during our Presidents Day Sales Event.
Music At sheehy.com Music Narrator When winter rears its ugly head you can stay in and cozy up to the fire or go out and light one.
Dodge Durango join the brotherhood of muscle and hurry in for winter deals.
Now get 500 Presidents Day bonus cash for a total cash allowance of 2000 on the 2019 Dodge Durango SXT all wheel drive.
You know whats awesome about having the fastest most reliable internet?
All of your kids friends want to come over.
You know whats not awesome about having the fastest most reliable internet?
All your kids friends wanna come over.
Boy Would you like a chip?
Oh honey thats potpourri.
Oh then do you want a potpourri?
No thanks Im driving.
Narrator Get speed coverage and control with Xfinity xFi.
Now thats simple easy awesome.
Get started with this special offer from Xfinity for 79.99 a month for two years plus get DVR service free for a year.
Click call or visit a store today.
Narrator My Pacifica hybrid minivan is so quiet I could finally hear myself think.
Where could I go with a 566 mile driving range?
Can vegetarians still eat animal crackers?
Another Pacifica safe choice my friend.
Narrator I bet shes all super green and healthy.
Narrator Best burger ever!
Narrator During the Presidents Day Sales Event owners of competitive vehicles purchased can get 4250 total cash allowance on the 2019 Pacifica.
Thanks Dad bye.
Bye.
Boy Hey whats up guys?
Narrator 1979 never knew what hit it.
Yeah turn it up turn it up!
Narrator Jiffy Lube came on the scene and changed the automotive world.
Were gonna be out of here in no time.
Seriously.
Narrator Four decades later Jiffy Lube is changing everything again.
Offering services that are fast and convenient using manufacturer recommendations.
Seriously?
Narrator Jiffy Lube you can do more in a jiffy.
Music Its easy at Sheehy Music Narrator The shorter the month the bigger the savings during Sheehys Presidents Day Sales Event.
Find your next vehicle fast with Easy Search online.
Limited time savings are here during our Presidents Day Sales Event.
Music At sheehy.com Music Goodnight!