
Weve got large hailRise and shine!
Both Good morning Washington from Crystal City!
Announcer With ABC 7s Good Morning Washington weekdays on your side no matter where you are.
Announcer The deadly blind spot right under your nose tonight after the Oscars.
Announcer This Week with George Stephanopoulos starts right now.
George Countdown to Cohen.
Reporter Do you have any concerns about Michael Cohens testimony?
No no.
President Trumps former fixer set to pull back the curtain on his time with Trump before three committees in Congress Cohen says hell tell the truth about Trump after years of lies.
Hes cooperating again with prosecutors in New York.
Will this new testimony pose a threat to President Trump even after Robert Mueller completes his investigation?
That and more with House Intelligence Chair Adam Schiff our legal experts Dan Abrams and Alan Dershowitz and Andrew McCabe the FBI veteran whose new tellall is drawing fire from Trump.
AndTheres been no nuclear testing no missiles no rockets.
A second summit with North Korea just days away but no signs yet that North Koreas ready to give up its nuclear arsenal.
Will a second meeting with Kim Jongun bring real progress?
Insight and analysis from our panel of experts including the ambassador who negotiated with North Korea Bill Richardson.
Plus Bernie is back.
And our 2016 campaign began the political revolution.
Now it is time to complete that revolution.
His staying power shocked the political world in 2016.
His national movement is a fundraising juggernaut.
But can he stand out in this cycles wideopen race for the White House?
Our powerhouse roundtable weighs in on whats at stake in 2020 the issues in play and whos making headway in these early rounds.
Well break down the politics smoke out the spin.
The facts that matter this week.
Announcer From ABC News its This Week.
Here now chief anchor George Stephanopoulos.
Good morning and welcome to This Week.
It is a big week ahead for the president on two very different fronts.
Tomorrow he boards Air Force One for Vietnam the site of the second summit with North Koreas Kim Jongun whos already on his way to Hanoi.
You see him there in his armored train thats arriving in China yesterday.
But just as Trump tries to strike a nuclear deal with Kim Jongun Michael Cohen will take the Washington spotlight.
Three days of hearings on Capitol Hill including blockbuster public testimony in the House on Wednesday.
Cohens lawyer says hes prepared to reveal damning details of his years as Trumps attorney and fixer promising a chilling portrait of the president.
It comes as Cohen continues to cooperate with prosecutors offering leads into possible corruption of the Trump inaugural and insurance irregularities at the Trump organization.
And that investigation in New Yorks Southern District is just one of several probes poised to challenge the president well beyond the end of Robert Muellers work.
We start with the man leading one of those investigations the Chair of the House Intelligence Committee Adam Schiff.
Congressman Schiff thank you for joining us this morning.
Thank you George.
Michael Cohen is going to appear before your committee behind closed doors on Thursday.
What do you hope to learn from him that you dont already know?
Well a great deal starting with why the false statements before our committee when he first appeared.
Did they go beyond what he told us about Moscow Trump Tower into other areas as well?
Who would have been aware of the false testimony that he was giving?
What other light can he shed now that hes cooperating on issues of obstruction of justice or collusion?
What more can he tell us about the Trump Tower New York meeting?
Or any other issues relevant to our investigation.
We think he has a lot to offer.
How about on the finances of the Trump organization?
Youve suggested thats the new front in your committees investigation.
Well this is something George as you know Ive been concerned about for two years now.
We werent really permitted to explore it in great detail when the Republicans were running the committee but we know already and Michael Cohen is pivotal to this the peril of ignoring or observing this red line of the presidents and ignoring the financial issues what we have learned to date about Moscow Trump Tower is chilling.
That is as Donald Trump was campaigning for president even when he became the presumptive nominee of the Republican Party and was telling the country he had no business dealings with Russia he was privately through his organization seeking the Kremlins help to make what may have been the most lucrative deal of his life even reportedly offering an inducement to Putin to make it happen and at the same time talking about removing sanctions on Russia something very important to Russians.
That is deeply compromising whether its criminal or not it is deeply compromising of our national security.
So those issues have to be probed and they include money laundering as well.
That gets to a question about the Mueller investigation.
If it turns out as the president has said so many times he did not collude with the Russians to interfere in the election but in fact he was pursuing this Trump Tower at the same time.
If thats not criminal does Mueller have a responsibility to report it or no?
He does have a responsibility to report it and in fact if you take the position and I think its a flawed one but if you take the position that the president cannot be indicted and the only remedy for improper illegal or other conduct is impeachment then you cannot withhold that information from Congress or essentially the president has immunity.
So that cannot be allowed to be the case.
Bob or Bill Barr has committed in his testimony to making as much of the report public as he can and the regulations allow him to make it all public.
Were going to insist on it becoming public and more than that George were going to insist on the underlying evidence because there is certain evidence that is only in the hands of The Department of Justice that we cant get any other way.
There were searches conducted for example of Roger Stone and Paul Manafort.
Theres no other way to get the information that was seized except through the Department.
We cant tell the country fully what happened without it.
As you know William Barr may have quite a different view of what those regulation require than you do.
They could allow him to release the entire report but under Justice Department regulations officials have said that if you decline to prosecute someone then the underlying evidence should not be released.
But George the Department has violated that policy repeatedly and extendedly to a great extent over the last two years and in fact Ive had this conversation with Rod Rosenstein and others on down at the Justice Department as they turned over thousands and thousands of pages of discovery in the Clinton email investigation and there was no indictment in that investigation.
This was a new precedent they were setting and they were gonna have to live by this precedent whether it was a Congress controlled by the Democrats or Republicans so theyre gonna have to abide by that and I think also quite separate and apart from the precedent already set is the intense public need to know here which I think overrides any other considerations.
You say the Justice Department is gonna have to live by that precedent but what if they dont?
What if they simply say no were not gonna release the underlying evidence.
What options do you have?
Well we will obviously subpoena the report we will bring Bob Mueller in to testify before Congress we will take it to court if necessary.
And in the end I think the Department understands theyre going to have to make this public.
I think Barr will ultimately understand that as well.
Barr comes into this job with two strikes against him.
He applied for the job by demonstrating a bias against the Mueller investigation.
Indeed thats part of the reason he was hired.
Hes also not been willing to commit to following the advice of ethics lawyers.
Indeed that was part of the reason he was hired.
If he were to try to withhold to try to bury any part of this report that will be his legacy and it will be a tarnished legacy.
So I think there will be immense pressure not only on the Department but on the Attorney General to be forthcoming.
Youre talking about public pressure?
Are you prepared to take the Administration to court?
Absolutely.
We are gonna get to the bottom of this.
We are gonna share this information with the public and if the president is serious about all of his claims of exoneration then he should welcome the publication of this report.
The president has said no collusion many times as I said.
You said many months ago that youve already developed evidence of collusion.
We havent seen that from Robert Mueller.
Do you have any evidence at all that the president colluded?
George theres ample evidence of collusion of the campaign and its very much in the public record.
And its everything from what we have seen recently about Paul Manafort meeting with someone linked to Russian intelligence and sharing polling data.
And not top line data not this is why we think Trump is gonna win data but raw data complicated data.
Weve seen evidence of Roger Stone in communication with WikiLeaks.
Weve seen the presidents son having a secret meeting at Trump Tower that was presented to him as part of the Russian governments effort to help the Trump campaign.
His acceptance of that help is interesting getting that.
All of this is evidence of collusion and theres much much more.
Whether that will amount to a criminal conspiracy that can be proved beyond a reasonable doubt we will have to wait for Bob Mueller to tell us but to not see what is plainly in front of us means you basically dont wanna see the evidence of collusion because it is quite abundant.
Congressman Schiff thank you for your time this morning.
Schiff Thanks George.
Lets bring in our legal panel our Chief Legal Analyst Dan Abrams also Harvard Law School Professor Emeritus Alan Dershowitz author of The Case Against the Democratic House Impeaching Trump and Dan let me begin with you.
Lets pick up with what I was talking about with Congressman Schiff right there.
He says that Bill Barr is gonna be under tremendous pressure to release whatever Mueller has reported publicly.
Its not clear that Barr agrees with that.
Thats right.
Barr has made it very clear that hes going to release as much as he can but he has put caveats on that.
The questions gonna be for example how much information in there potentially could be a national security threat?
And I think you need to separate out the difference between the report itself and the underlying information.
Cause you heard Congressman Schiff there talk about some of the underlying information.
Thats gonna be harder to get.
Even though it was all released in the Clinton investigation?
Correct.
Well look you have to remember that the current Special Counsel law was a response to the Clinton investigation meaning there were concerns about how muchGeorge The Bill Clinton investigation youre talking about the Hillary investigation.
Oh Im sorry Im sorry.
I was talking about the Bill youre right.
In response to the Bill Clinton investigation this was a response to that law.
On the Hillary Clinton investigation look I dont think theres a direct comparison between the Hillary Clinton investigation and the Special Counsel investigation.
I do think that there is a much stronger argument to say that a Special Counsel investigation ought to be made public even if there is no prosecution.
That the decision making process for them that the report should be made public even if and typically in the Department of Justice you wouldnt release information related to an investigation that was not prosecuted.
Whats your response to that Alan?
Well I think thats exactly the issue.
Democrats were appropriately furious I was among them when Comey after saying that he was not gonna indict Hillary Clinton then went on to give his own opinion as to her wrongdoing.
And the question is is there a difference between Comey who did wrong everybody now acknowledges that and a Special Counsel who has had a broader mandate to investigate.
Look lets be realistic.
In the end everythings gonna come out.
There are no secrets.
In the end its all gonna come out.
And in the end as Ive said from day one it would have been so much better if we had a nonpartisan independent commission like they have in England and in Israel like we had after 911 getting to the whole truth in a nonpartisan way.
The American publics not gonna trust a Democratic controlled House Let me stop you on that.
Theyre not going to trust the Republican controlled Senate.
Ill take your point on the Congress but Robert Mueller was about as nonpartisan a figure as you could have found isnt he?
Thats the point no thats the point now I think.
My point is that if his information is not released to the public and it then goes to Congress to conduct the investigation I think therell be a question of credibility.
Look I think and Ive said from day one that President Trumps greatest vulnerability lies not with the Mueller report but with the Southern District of New York and with the New York Attorney Generals office and with other prosecutorial arms that can look into conduct unrelated to collusion to Russia but conduct that preceded his presidency and I think thats where the problems can come up in the future.
This may be just the beginning.
The Mueller report may be just a road map given to Congress and given to other prosecutors that will continue these investigations until the end of President Trumps first term.
I wanna pick up on that with Dan.
It does appear that we might be having something of a Mueller strategy in plain sight.
Every indictment he has lays out in great detail what he thought happened.
Meantime things that he thinks may be a bit beyond his scope he siphons off to other prosecutors.
Right and I think Alans right that that poses an enormous danger to him as these other offices because you cant just say oh well the Southern District of New York is out to get me the Eastern District of New York is out to get me and Virginias out to get me et cetera.
Thats a tough argument to make.
But when you look at some of the documents that have been filed for example in the Manafort case and you talk about the road map you have to ask the question in the big picture why so much still redacted right?
Why are they still not allowing the public to see so much related to the Russia investigation?
Why isnt Michael Cohen being allowed to testify in public about the Russia investigation?
Hes only going to be talking about other investigations.
Right about ten other topics not related to Russians.
You have to ask yourself if theres nothing else thats gonna come out why are they redacting so much?
Alan that was something curious.
800 pages from Robert Mueller yesterday in the Manafort sentencing memo yet nothing about the underlying things that he may have been lying about.
His meetings with various Russians and they say the redactions were for ongoing investigations and uncharged individuals.
That does suggest more to come.
Oh absolutely I have no doubt about that.
I think these redactions are a clue to what may be hinted at.
Look also I think we are seeing now an effort to tamp down expectations from the Mueller report itself.
I think were being told dont expect smoking guns dont expect dynamite in the report.
The report is gonna be the beginning of some other investigations coming down the line.
So I think theres a combination.
Dont expect too much from the Mueller report itself but the Mueller report may lead to greater investigations by a variety of other institutions.
So this the Mueller report is not gonna mark the end of the investigation.
I think thats the message were hearing.
Dan so much of the report and the Mueller report is unfounded because Robert Mueller isnt talking.
But there has been some rather aggressive backgrounding going on suggesting that the Mueller report will be an anticlimax.
Yeah I mean look and the expectation game is critical when it comes to public perception.
But whether its a summary whether its a detailed accounting dont forget we already have a lot of information.
Im not talking just about what Congressman Schiff was talking about.
Im talking about the indictments that currently exist.
When people wanna know what happened leading up to the 2016 election you have to start by reading the indictments.
You have to start by reading the indictments of the Russians.
And then ask yourself okay was anyone else connected to them?
And thats what theyre trying to piece together still.
Thats why when you have Papadopoulos lying Flynn lying about Russia youve got Manafort lying et cetera you have to ask yourself why are all these people not telling the truth about and the answer may simply be look I wanted to distance myself from it.
I didnt wanna get in trouble in connection with this thing.
But there are still critical questions that are unanswered.
Theres a ton of redacted material and I think were gonna to see some answers.
George And were still waiting for Robert MuellerLets remember thoughGeorge Go ahead.
Lets remember that indictments are different than convictions.
A lot of this is indictments.
Remember too were gonna see a rebuttal report from the Trump team.
So I think the American public should withhold final judgment until they see both reports the Mueller report and the response by the Trump team.
Well this will be the first time in the history of America where a defendant or someone whos accused of something gets to write a response report to what an indictment is.
Every criminal defendant in America would love to be able to write their own report about what they say happened but thats not the way the system works.
But youre contradicting yourself.
How?
Because this is not just a yes or no.
Youre saying that the Special Counsel have special obligations to release everything and if they have a special obligation to release everything then theres an obligation to allow a response.
You can allow thats fine.
Thats precisely the point.
Let them respond.
If it was just yes or no then you wouldnt need a response but if you get a long long narrative then fairness requires a response.
Thats fine let em respond.
And simultaneous release of both.
Whoa simultaneous release of both too?
So now basicallyRight.
Right look.
Thats just thats ridiculous.
The idea that you have to allow the other side in something like this the opportunity to file a long report in response to a prosecutor.
You dont have to do that if you just limit yourself to indictment or not indictment.
If you go beyond it and you start telling a story the other side of the narrative has to be produced as well.
Thats required by fairness and due process.
Bill Clinton would have loved that.
Not in the regulations.
Okay thank you both very much.
Alan Well he should have gotten it.
When we come back his new book is drawing fire from President Trump former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe up next.
And later the powerhouse round table takes on 2020.
Well be right back.
Announcer This Week with George Stephanopoulos sponsored by Pacific Life protecting generations of families for more than 150 years.
Thats the power of Pacific.
Announcer When you retire will you act or feel different?
Or will you just be you without the constraints of a full time job?
You can grow your retirement savings with Pacific Life and create the future thats most meaningful to you.
Which means you can retire without retiring from life.
Having the flexibility to retire on your terms.
Thats the power of Pacific.
Ask your financial professional about Pacific Life today.
Narrator Family taco night is a heartburn night you can plan for but surprise pizza at the office means heartburn you didnt expect.
Zantac works when you need it.
It relieves or prevents heartburn in as little as 30 minutes and lasts up to 12 hours.
Zantac eat your way treat your way.
Narrator 98 of us dont get enough omega3s which is why MegaRed Advanced 4 in 1 packs more omega3 power into one small soft gel.
It supports your heart brain eyes and joints.
MegaRed.
Narrator Prestige creams not living up to the hype?
One jar shatters the competition.
Olay Regenerist hydrates skin better than creams costing over 100 200 and even 400.
Fact check this ad in Good Housekeeping.
Olay.
For singing definitely dry mouth has been a problem for me.
Im also on a lot of medications that dry my mouth.
I just drank tons of water all the time it was never enough.
I wasnt sure I was going to be able to continue singing.
I saw my dentist he suggested Biotene.
It feels refreshing my mouth felt more lubricated.
I use Biotene rinse twice a day then I use the spray throughout the day.
It actually saved my career in a way.
Biotene really did make a difference.
Narrator Welcome to Fowler Indiana.
One of the windiest places in America.
And home to three BP Wind Farms.
In the off chance the wind ever stops blowing here the lights can keep on shining thanks to our natural gas a smart partner to renewable energy thats always ready when needed.
Or not.
At BP we see possibilities everywhere to help the world keep advancing.
Narrator The Investigation the new podcast from ABC News.
Listen free on Apple Podcasts.
Narrator For the 250000 service members who transition out of the U.S.Military every year one of the toughest parts is the search for a job that takes advantage of the skills youve gained while serving.
You can now search with phrase jobs for veterans directly on Google and then enter your military occupational specialty code.
Google brings together job openings from across the web that match the skills you gained in your military role.
Just click to apply and use your experience to guide your future.
Pain wants to stop you block you like thats gonna happen.
IcyHot Icy to dull hot to relax.
Rise from pain.
IcyHot.
Narrator No matter how much you clean does your house still smell stuffy?
Thats because your home is filled with soft surfaces that trap odors and release them back into the room.
Try Febreze Fabric Refresher.
Febreze finds odors trapped in fabrics and cleans them away as it dries.
Use Febreze every time you tidy up to keep your whole house smelling fresh air clean.
Fabric Refresher even works for clothes you wanna wear another day.
Make Febreze part of your clean routine for whole home freshness.
Narrator This is Charlie not coughing because he took Delsym 12 Hour.
And this is Charlie still not coughing while trying his hardest not to wake Zeus.
Delsym 12 Hour nothing lasts longer for powerful cough relief.
Narrator Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper perform together live on the Oscars ABC tonight.
Narrator There are parents neighbors loved ones living with diseases like cancer epilepsy mental health conditions and HIV.
Maybe youre one of them.
But new Medicare rules could deny access to the latest most effective therapies therapies that keep them healthy.
Are Medicare cuts that save less than 1 worth the risk to millions of patients?
President Trump promised to protect Medicare.
We need him to keep his word.
Why now may be the best time to book a cruise.
Tuesday on Good Morning Washington.
I think Andrew McCabe has made a fool out of himself over the last couple of days and he really looks to me like sort of a poor mans J.Edgar Hoover.
Hes a I think hes a disaster and what he was trying to do was terrible and he was caught.
Im very proud to say we caught him so well see what happens.
But he is a disgraced man.
President Trump taking on our next guest Andrew McCabe.
His new book The Threat How the FBI Protects America in the Age of Terror and Trump takes us behind the scenes at the launch of the Mueller investigation.
Welcome to This Week.
Poor mans J.Edgar Hoover?
I dont even know what that means.
Its not the first time that Ive had to listen to the president say bizarre and untrue things about me.
So its unfortunate that this is getting a little bit routine but I will say I dont think theres anything sad or unfortunate about speaking truth to power and telling the story that you lived and the things you saw and heard and the reasons behind the decisions you made and thats what Im trying to do with the book.
Another man whos got a reputation for speaking truth to power Robert Mueller you worked for him Andrew I did.
At the FBI.
Based on what you know and you heard our previous discussion what should we expect from Robert Mueller?
Kind of a narrow by the book prosecutor reporting or someone who senses he has a broader responsibility to the public?
Thats a great question George.
I think first and foremost what you can expect from Robert Mueller is an honest independent assessment of the work that theyve done.
How much detail he chooses to go into to convey to the Department of Justice is a great question.
I hope they lean on the detailed side.
This is not a normal investigation by any evaluation.
Its one that I think the Department Congress and the public have an enormous interest in finding out just exactly what they learned.
And its complicated in so many ways including the precedent of the Hillary Clinton investigation.
The FBI released all that information about her as you heard Alan Dershowitz say James Comey criticized for that.
Was that the wrong decision by James Comey?
I absolutely agreed with Director Comeys approach at the time and since have had the benefit of some reconsideration of those things that we did.
I think Im pretty clear about it in the book I think that decision was not well thought.
I think we underestimated the kind of political toxicity of the environment that we were launching our conclusions into and I think we overestimated our ability and Jims ability to convince people of the great work that we had done.
It is now a precedent and in releasing the entire underlying case file is now a precedent as well.
Is it one the FBI should follow in this investigation?
Im not sure that Jims decision to announce it in July is a precedent.
However I think that it is a very concerning and now recent precedent the volume of information that the FBI turned over to Congress in the wake of after the investigation was concluded.
That is something that concerned me greatly at that time and I thought you know this is a practice that will be hard to step away from.
You made the decision to investigate the president the opening investigation into to the president has come under some criticism this week including from Congressman Mark Meadows who says you made a stunning admission.
You wanna put up his tweet.
Right there where you said it was because of suspicious behavior by the president on intercept source reporting or other secret evidence.
Congressman Meadows says that is an abuse of power.
Im not sure what hes referring to there but I can tell you that the information that was in our hands at the time much of which was publicly known caused us great concern.
You say us but this was your decision correct?
This was the recommendation from the investigative team and it was ultimately my decision to authorize the opening of the case and I did that because at the time the facts clearly indicated that we had an articulable basis to believe that a crime may have been committed and that a threat to national security might exist.
We hadnt concluded that either of those two things had happened but we were certainly in the place that we needed to investigate both sides.
Youd make the same decision today?
Andrew Absolutely.
Youre also planning on filing a civil lawsuit against President Trump.
What grounds do you have to sue and what do you hope to get from it?
Well I cant talk in great detail about the lawsuit Ill certainly let the pleadings speak for themselves.
Itll be an action against the Department of Justice primarily and challenging the circumstances of my firing.
It of course derives from the Inspector General Report a report that I deeply disagree with a report that was the result of a process that I dont think anyone has ever seen before I certainly hadnt.
clears throat Excuse me.
Do you think the president inspired that process?
Theres no doubt in my mind that the presidents clear desire impacted that process.
The president was talking about removing me from months before I ever interacted with the Inspector General.
He made his desires perfectly clear on his own Twitter feed.
The Inspector General delivered that result.
Andrew McCabe thanks very much.
Andrew Thank you George.
Roundtables up next well be right back.
Narrator All money managers might seem the same but some give their clients cookie cutter portfolios.
Fisher Investments tailors portfolios to your goals and needs.
Some only call when they have something to sell.
Fisher calls regularly so you stay informed.
And while some advisors are happy to earn commissions whether you do well or not Fisher Investments fees are structured so we do better when you do better.
Maybe thats why most of our clients come from other money managers.
Fisher Investments clearly better money management.
Hows your cough?
Im good I took this 12 Hour Mucinex and sent it far away.
Hey buddy have you seen a nice woman with a cough?
Whoa!
Narrator Mucinex DM release fast and lasts 12 hours not four.
Send coughs far away all day.
Narrator Think only specialty stores have whats new?
Olay has the hottest debut.
New Olay clay stick masks hydrating facial mists and brightening eye cream.
Only by Olay.
Narrator Whether you were born for more dance offs more travels or more touchdowns get the immune support that gives you more.
Airborne gummies have 50 more Vitamin C than EmergenC.Plus our crafted blend of vitamins minerals and herbs.
Airborne.
Narrator Okay so when the New York Times calls you one of the eight news podcasts worth listening to well you just say thank you.
So go on start smart with Start Here free on Apple Podcasts.
Narrator The Russells travel to a different swim meet every Saturday but now its Thursday.
Good thing they discovered Gain Flings the only detergent with concentrated Gain Oxi boost and Febreze odor remover.
Mmhmm smelling is believing and Gain Flings can hiyah karate stink too.
Try new improved Gain Flings.
Narrator 98 of us dont get enough omega3s which is why MegaRed Advanced 4 in 1 packs more omega3 power into one small soft gel.
It supports your heart brain eyes and joints.
MegaRed.
Woman Ignition sequence start.
110 nine guidance in the terminal.
Six five four three two one Pain wants to stop you block you.
Like thats gonna happen.
IcyHot Icy to dull hot to relax.
Rise from pain.
IcyHot.
Do I use a toothpaste that whitens my teeth or one thats good for my teeth?
Now I dont have to choose.
Narrator From Crest 3D White the Whitening Therapy collection now with charcoal or coconut oil.
It gently whitens plus it has a fortifying formula to protect your enamel.
Crest healthy beautiful smiles for life.
Narrator This is Charlie not coughing because he took Delsym 12 Hour.
And this is Charlie still not coughing while trying his hardest not to wake Zeus.
Delsym 12 Hour nothing lasts longer for powerful cough relief.
Narrator Ah potluck.
These dishes will soon be yours to scrub and theyre not even yours.
New and improved Dawn Ultra lets you scrub 50 less and get done faster.
A drop of Dawn and grease is gone.
Music My heart is feelin a little bit low Music Narrator When heartburn hits fight back fast with Tums Smoothies.
It neutralizes acid at the source.
Music Tum tum tum tum Music Smoothies.
Also available Tums SugarFree.
Roundtable standing by and all week long you get the latest on politics and breaking news alerts on the ABC News app well be right back.
Narrator This simple banana peel represents a bold idea.
A way to create energy from household trash.
It not only saves about 80 in carbon emissions it helps reduce landfill waste.
Thats why BP is partnering with the California company Fulcrum BioEnergy to turn garbage into jet fuel.
Because we cant let any good ideas go to waste.
At BP we see possibilities everywhere to help the world keep advancing.
Narrator Whether you were born for more danceoffs more travels or more touchdowns get the immune support that gives you more.
Airborne gummies have 50 more Vitamin C than EmergenC plus our crafted blends of vitamins minerals and herbs.
Airborne.
Narrator Upgrade to new Tide PODS 2.0.
And get 50 more cleaning power in the palm of your hand.
For a powerful clean in one step.
Number one stain and odor fighter number one trusted its got to be Tide.
When I kept finding myself smoking in my attic hiding when I was supposed to be quitting I thought you should try something that works you should try Nicorette.
Narrator Nicorette Mini relieves sudden cravings fast any time anywhere.
Nicorette Mini you know why we know how.
Narrator Prestige creams not living up to the hype?
One jar shatters the competition.
Olay Regenerist hydrates skin better than creams costing over 100 200 and even 400.
Fact check this ad in Good Housekeeping.
Olay.
Narrator Family taco night is a heartburn night you can plan for but surprise pizza at the office means heartburn you didnt expect.
Zantac works when you need it.
It relieves or prevents heartburn in as little as 30 minutes and lasts up to 12 hours.
Zantac eat your way treat your way.
Narrator This is decision tech.
Its screening technology that helps you find a stock based on whats trending or an an investing goal.
Its real time insights and information in your own customized view of the market.
Its smarter trading technology for smarter trading decisions.
And its only from Fidelity.
Open an account with no minimums today.
Hows your cough?
Im good I took this 12 Hour Mucinex and sent it far away.
Hey buddy have you seen a nice woman with a cough?
Whoa!
Narrator Mucinex DM releases fast and lasts 12 hours not four.
Send coughs far away all day.
I wanna make sure that in the years to come the same opportunities that were there for me a kid that grew up in the public school in Texas can be there for anybody.
Im in this fight because I truly do believe this is our moment.
I believe it is time to restore truth and justice how about that?
You see every single day that President Trump is trying to undermine our Constitution.
I am going to run for president thats right.
Whats gonna be different this time?
Were gonna win.
First votes a year away but the campaign already in full swing this February.
Lets talk about it on our Roundtable joined by Chris Christie our ABC News contributor former Governor of New Jersey.
Also author of new book Let Me Finish.
Heidi Heitkamp former Democratic Senator from North Dakota.
Rachael Bade the new Congressional reporter for the Washington Post welcome to you.
Patrick Gaspard president of the Open Societies Foundation Political Affairs Director in the Obama White House also former Ambassador to South Africa.
And Alex Castellanos Republican strategist also an ABC News contributor.
Patrick let me begin with you and the case of Bernie Sanders.
He says hes going to win this time around lot of questions 77 years old already targeted by the president as a Democratic Socialist but 24 hours into his announcement 6 million in contributions from that fundraising base.
6 million in right away and another 600000 from people who have pledged to give him every single month.
Its like the Netflix model of fundraising for a presidential campaign.
But hes going to have an interesting challenge this time around.
I worked on Howard Deans campaign in 2004.
Against John Kerry.
Against John Kerry and everybody else in the world and early on in that contest there was a sense that it was a battle for the hearts and minds of the Democratic party but at some point in Iowa and New Hampshire South Carolina early on Democrats decided we dont want a revolution we just wanna beat George Bush and weve got to find somebody the most electable.
I think that Bernie Sanders is going to find this time people dont want a revolution they wanna beat Donald Trump.
Heidi Heitkamp it brings up an interesting point.
Bernie Sanders his ideas have been adopted by many other candidates many other Democrats but there is that concern that hes gonna pull the party too far to the left.
Well I think that a couple things are gonna happen.
Youre gonna see people get in who are gonna broaden the scope of Democratic ideas that are gonna be put on the forefront but to the point of the money.
Money doesnt matter as much as what it used to in my opinion and when you step back and you take a look at kind of the record crowds that everybodys enjoying in Iowa I mean people are coming out because they wanna examine each candidate and pick the candidate who in their mind the highest priority is who can beat this president.
Money may not matter but the sign that youve got this movement behind you could.
It could but I disagree with the senator having gone through it a couple years ago money matters.
Because whats going to happen is whoever emerges out of this will wind up having a huge target on their back when they start to do well and they have to have the money to answer.
If you dont have the money to answer youre gonna lose.
Because I love all the characterization of Iowa and New Hampshire voters especially early as being so discerning and they wanna come and meet you in person.
They wanna meet everybody in person but they also watch what comes in their mailbox or what comes over the TV and guys like Alex wouldnt have made the fortune hes made over time if that didnt matter.
It does matter the money will matter and Sanders will matter.
But its a Republican dream that Sanders could actually be the nominee.
Can I just jump in real quick and say it is increasingly the difference between Democrats on Capitol Hill and these Democrats jumping in to 2020 are becoming increasingly glaring.
When you see all these candidates supporting Medicare for all the Green New Deal free college all these ideas getting corporate money out of politics.
On Capitol Hill Nancy Pelosi is keeping her armsBut shes holding the line against some of her new members as well there.
Well theyre introducing ideas but theyre not gonna be voted on on the floor.
And theres a reason for that and thats because most Democrats on the Hill are afraid of these ideas and they think they go too far and theyre gonnaIn a presidential campaign politics will just swamp public policy over the course of the next 18 months or so.
Rachael Theyre going to have to be carefulCapitol Hill will be taking a back seat to whats happening inIt shows in the divide in the party though.
President Trump loves the idea of Bernie Sanders front and center.
Oh he couldnt be that lucky again could he?
Look the president has seen a Democratic party going as crazy far left as Republicans did far right under Obama and its a gift.
Socialism didnt work for the Pilgrims.
The first two years half of them died and now thats the Democratic party agenda.
There are three Democratic primaries to take on Trump and all of them are gonna theres the Establishment primary with Biden and KlobucharPatrick Cant get more Socialist than the Quakers right?
That was their model.
Youre going to have the Progressive primary which Sanders has the money and the lead.
Then youve got Kamala Harris and Cory Booker for the Obama Black primary.
Which one I think Kamala Harris is gonna succeed in that one youre gonna see Bernie Sanders maybe KlobucharAlex.
I would bet you right now that Kamala Harris can grow beyond I think shes being shes a big enough candidateId be careful there theres no such thing as the Obama Black primary.
Yes I think there is.
I think Kamala Harris and Cory Booker are both extraordinary candidates who can appeal to a broad cross section.
Thats my point about Kamala Harris.
I agree with that and I think thats right nowYoure all judging the Democratic party ideas by the people who are in now.
What happens when Michael Bennett gets in?
What happens when Sherrod Brown gets in?
What happens when you see Bloomberg get in?
What happens is theyYou mention Joe Biden you think hes getting in?
I do.
I think Joe will get in.
I think the Vice president will feel a calling will feel a necessity to bring that gravitas and I think that the minute he gets in hes going to be the recognized front runner.
Rachael And theres an opening for that right now.
Joe Biden is hot he has name ID a lot of Democratic voters are sitting there because they dont know the alternative but the soul of the Democratic party is rabidly antiTrump and it has gone crazy left.
It belongs to OcasioCortez not Joe Biden.
The soul of the Democratic Party That is wishful Republican thinking.
The soul of the Democratic party respectfully Alex there are folks who are sitting in Iowa New Hampshire South Carolina California which is an early state on Super Tuesday this time who are worried about the education of their children theyre concerned about health care.
Which is why Elizabeth WarrenTheyre terribly concerned about some of the corruption we have in Washington DC.
Is for reparations.
At the end of the day heres the issue.
Were gonna dominate were gonna move away from politics of ideas Lets get to whats practical here.
Lets get to whats practical here.
And what campaigns come down to are candidates.
Forget about all the ideology and everything else it comes down to candidates.
Whos gonna perform?
Whos gonna perform?
Youve seen this Ive seen this Ive lived it.
Whos going to get up there and perform?
Kamala Harria you know learned this in her first week when shes talking smoking pot listening to Tupac when Tupacs albums hadnt come out until six years after she said she was in college.
Youre shaking your head Patrick but let me tell you.
Shes probably told that BS story in California a thousand times and no one ever called her on it.
When you run for presidentBut GovernorThey call you on everything.
Whos going to perform when the theres only two alternatives George.
Were going to judge them by whether they tell the truth now?
thats a new standard for president!
The Governor is saying something terribly important.
When the lights go on theres only two alternatives.
You either shine or you melt.
Those are the only two alternatives for presidential candidates and were gonna see who does what and I think its way too early to try to figure it out with these folks.
And when Joe Biden is seen as the front runner which I think he is if he gets in this is a guy whos run twice and hasnt exactly shined both times he ran.
Governor you know a thing or two about fanciful tales and that type of thing.
Chris Aw Patrick.
At the end of the day the Governor is right that this really is about performance.
When you showed that clip at the very beginning George every candidate with the exception of Amy Klobuchar started each sentence with I.I believe I feel they understand that at the end of the day its whether or not people can trust them and their values and their story.
Rachael one of the things weve been seeing is that since the government shut down the presidents actually had something of a come back in recent weeks.
Approval ratings back up heading towards the mid40 not quite there yet but this whole idea of the emergency going to back front and center on Capitol Hill this week.
No exactly I mean the president thinks that this is a good reelection something he can run on.
That its gonna help him.
And you know it shows that hes obviously catering to his base and hes showing that he is putting them front and center but its interesting because in doing that he has sort of upended the reelections potentially of other Senate Republicans.
There are 22 Senate Republicans.
They dont want this vote.
They dont!
and a lot of them were privately telling the president please dont do this.
Dont do this this is gonna create a terrible precedent if we have a President Bernie Sanders some day if hes gonna try to do something with the Green New Deal on his own call it an emergency this a big problem.
And we cant have that.
But were already seeing a lot of those same Republicans who privately were telling him dont do this come out and say that basically theyre not going to push back against him.
Still his Republican party and by the way if the election were held today against the Democratic party hes running against I think Donald Trump will win by more than he won last time.
The Democratic Party is going crazy left.
The only thing that has changed neither party has changed by the way Republicans or Democrats since Trump was elected except Trump is now not theory hes fact.
And its an impressive recordPatrick Its a fact that the midterm Elections Growth and security excuse meWere a creation of that fact.
But see thats the thingYou cant forget that happened.
No thats important but actuallyWhere suburban white men in particular have been fleeing from this president What you have to understan midterms are a referendum on the incumbent.
Presidential years are choices and the Democrats are offering a choice of going left Trump is sayingThe Democratic choice is not yetThe economy is growing Im lockingThe Democratic choice is not clarified thats why you have the primary contests Alex.
Let me just say Trumps choice is clear.
Growth and locking the doors at night and security.
The Democrats response has not been about either of those.
Its only been about the mommy bear party caregiving and nourishing.
Its like a 1950s sitcom and in that case the teddy bear party usually beats the mommy bear party.
So health care child careIm not advocating Im just telling you Trump has got a very strong hand going.
If you think the economy in a year is gonna look like the economy today youre wrong.
And the tax refund issue is real I know this.
You can say well their taxes were reduced.
People count on that refund and now they feel they got shortchanged.
They look at economic and business investment that never materialized.
They look at a package the signature piece economic piece for this presidentHoping for bad news is not a great political strategy.
No no and Im not hoping for bad news.
But I think bad news is predictable in this cycle.
I mean Im not the only person saying this.
I think look at one of the leadingAlex It is if youre a socialist.
Indicators in the economy is agriculture.
We have record bankruptcies in the farming industry.
Alex is counting on that socialism label sticking but Chris I wanna bring up a different point inside the Republican party.
It does seem to be Trumps Republican party.
Right now we have Bill Weld say that hes going to run against him.
Larry Hogan Governor of Maryland had this to say this week.
I was just sworn in a month ago for my second term.
Ive got a lot of work to do here in Maryland.
I would say Im being approached from a lot of different people and I guess the best way to put it is I havent thrown them out of my office.
How real is this idea of a significant challenge to the president?
Not not real.
Listen theres probably nobody in American politics who knows Larry Hogan better than I do because I was the guy who I in 2014 went in there when no one thought Maryland was winnable and I invested 2 million in Larry Hogan and we got him over the finish line.
Larry Hogan won both times only the second Republican ever to be reelected Governor of Maryland in the history of the state because hes a smart politician.
And a smart politician is not based on this set of facts gonna challenge Donald Trump in a primary.
Because the guys got 80 approval ratings among Republicans.
And so I think what Larrys doing is hes got some issues he cares about hes gonna use this as a platform to speak out about those issues to try to bring the party a little bit back towards where he is but the idea that Larry Hogan and Bill Welds not serious no one takes Bill Weld seriously Larry Hogan would be serious but hes not.
My view is hes not gonna do it.
It seems like it would be its political suicide to do that right now.
I mean this is Donald Trumps party still two years later.
Look no further again to the National Emergency Declaration.
Patrick Provided there isnt a revelation that comes out of these investigatonsThen by the way Larry Hogan would be with a whole group of people who were running if that happened.
Republicans were out speaking against this Emergency Declaration for weeks.
He totally ignored them and now theyre backing off.
This is Trumps party and running against him is foolish.
The question is what does happen with these farther on investigations throughout Mueller?
We still havent Robert Muellers report either Senator.
Do you sense any concern among your former colleagues on Capitol Hill that if Robert Mueller finishes his job and hands it off to them that theyre going to be wary of going too far?
I hope so I think they are.
I think they realize that one of the worst things that can happen in my opinion is impeachment.
I think that you have to win at the ballot box in order to have a real future for this country.
George Does that mean no investigating?
No it doesnt mean no investigating but it does mean that what do you do with that investigation?
All of that information is critical its important.
The public needs to know.
I said 20 of the public guess what?
They believe whatever the president says.
The next 20 will look at this and say yeah he doesnt always tell the truth but so what?
I mean so youve got 40 who arent really gonna ever care.
Youre looking at the 20 that you hope you could persuade.
Thats what the polls say now.
The past is prologue senator.
I remember the polling a year before President Nixon resigned said that 50 of Americans thought that too much media attention was being paid to Watergate.
The polling on the day that he resigned said a quarter of Americans still supported Richard Nixon.
So I just I think that youGeorge Youre full speed ahead?
I think Democrats in Congress are absolutely going to continue these investigations.
Theres more than enough fodder when you consider that every institution that Donald Trump has touched has come into being questioned from his cabinet picks like his current Labor Secretary to his foundation that he had to shutter.
Heres the thing though it that there better be some there there.
If theyre going to decide to go down that road Mountains of there.
Patrick this is a different context now.
Because when youre getting into a presidential election cycle people are going to see it as not being necessarily legitimate but being political.
Even more political when youre gonna have all these candidates that theyre not going to be able to control themselves.
How does that affect your former colleagues in the Southern District right now who seem to have the most serious investigation in the Trump investigation?
Not a lick not a bit.
They dont care.
Thats why we were when I was US Attorney of New Jersey every other U.S.Attorney used to refer to them as the Sovereign District of New York.
They believe they are a sovereign power unto themselves in the Southern District.
Theyll listen to no one.
They barely listen to the Attorney General.
So theyre going to do whatever they think they need to do and thats what Ive been saying as you know for 10 months here the Southern District of New York investigation is monumentally more perilous to the president that Bob Mueller ever was or ever will be.
They have two tour guides George and no restriction on where they can go.
That is the last word today.
Thank you all very much.
Up next our experts break down what to expect from President Trumps second nuclear summit with North Koreas Kim Jongun.
Well be right back.
As of today we are all officially working together.
As a team.
Both Led by me.
She is just trying to push your buttons.
Music Warrior Music How about a warning next time?
Okay were here.
I am going to win you over.
My charm is like a virus.
Before you know it boom youre infected.
So youre going to give me a virus?
Narrator Whiskey Cavalier special sneak preview after the Oscars series premier Wednesday on ABC.
Narrator Hey Mercedes take me to the Red Carpet.
Narrator The all new Mercedes Benz A Class with MBUX featuring natural language recognition.
Join us to watch the stars arrive.
Mercedes Benz the best or nothing.
Narrator This is what she sees.
This is whats really there.
Is it possible to avoid hitting something you cant see?
Seven on your side investigates the dangers of front over crashes tonight after the Oscars and Monday on ABC 7 News at six.
They have to get rid of all their nuclear weapons.
Theyve got to get rid of yeah I think they will.
I really believe that he will.
Ive gotten to know him overDid he tell you that?
A short period of time yeah sure its denuking.
I mean hes denuking the whole place and hes gonna start very quickly.
I think hes gonna start now.
Id just like to see ultimately denuclearization of North Korea and I think we will see that ultimately.
I have no pressing time schedule.
President Trump resetting expectations there for his second nuclear summit with North Korea thats set for Thursday in Vietnam.
Lets talk about the risk and the possible rewards of that meeting with our panel of experts Tom Bossert former Trump Homeland Security Adviser ABC News contributor.
Jung Pak Brookings Institution Korea Studies Chair former CIA Analyst.
And Bill Richardson former U.S.
Ambassador to the U.N.Who has negotiated with North Korea.
Ambassador Richardson let me begin with you.
You saw the president resetting the expectations there.
He also has a tweet out this morning that ends with denuclearization with a question mark questioning whether thats gonna happen.
Can you have a successful summit without a clear commitment by the North Koreans and actual concrete action to denuclearize?
I dont believe it would be a successful summit unless you had some kind of commitment on North Koreas part on denuclearization dismantling inspections missiles nuclear detonations.
It seems a president deflating expectations and thats a concern.
The concern cause I think what should come out of this summit is a framework for negotiations.
My worry George is that this negotiation this summit may be a dud that instead of concrete progress on what is important denuclearization its now shifting from denuclearization arms control to peace to important steps return of our servicemen the remains.
Maybe a liaison office maybe some kind of continued North South cooperation which is good.
I think the president deserves credit for lowering tensions in the region but in terms of concrete accomplishments I dont think this summits gonna produce that.
Dud is I guess one possibility.
Theres also been some concern expressed by the presidents advisors that he gives away something that he shouldnt give away too soon say a formal peace declaration a formal declaration end to the Korean War.
I think Bill is right.
I think theres been a profound shift in talking about peace and normalization with North Korea rather than the nuclear issues.
And I think thats really problematic because the whole point of a summit between the two leaders is to get dismantlement and to get North Korea to completely abandon its nuclear weapons.
I think having a peace declaration and normalization is fine for tension reduction but we really have to wonder about how that affects North Koreas actions down the line.
Should there be Tom Bossert should there be a summit now given the fact that the presidents own National Security Advisor John Bolton says that North Korea hasnt followed through on the commitments they made at the first summit.
Theres been backpedaling and dishonesty from the last summit which was a significant watershed moment til today.
At this point the only reason to have that summit is for President Trump to go in and give a cleareyed reminder.
It will be a dud if he comes out and tries to varnish this as a success without any real actionable activity.
Any kind of freeze or reversible gesture superficial gesture on the part of the North Koreans is gonna be a little bit of a slap in the face but if the president then comes out and buys it whether its because of domestic political pressure or some other instinct to post a win hes going to lose the international coalition that hes put together and the strength he goes in with.
The president had another tweet this morning Jung Pak that the president put out he says that North Korea can be an economic powerhouse under Kim Jongun if they just give up their nuclear weapons.
Almost trying to incentivize him to come further along.
At this point he does seem to be banking on the idea that his personal relationship with Kim Jongun is somehow gonna yield benefits.
Yeah I think President Trump is making the mistake of mirror imaging so the president is from New York City.
Hes a business man and a real estate mogul and hes speaking in terms of as if Kim is another business man but Kim is a dictator of a highly authoritarian regime who needs his nuclear weapons for legitimacy and his own survival.
And so yes North Korea is in the middle of a very strategic environment among the second third and 11th largest economies in the world.
But North Korea also sees its location and its economic deprivation relative to the other countries as a threat to its survival.
So how do we make progress short of North Korea getting rid of its nuclear weapons?
The testing moratorium weve seen testing moratoriums in the past.
What kind of concrete action could we see from North Korea that would really signify real progress that can be built on?
I think Jung is right and so is Tom.
My view is that what is concrete progress?
One Ive called this a potential dud but weve got to continue talking the relationshipTheres no harm.
No.
The relationship of the two leaders thats good.
However the president should listen to his advisors and his advisors have been I think very specific.
What I fear were gonna lose one a detailing of all the weapons inventory that North Korea has.
I think weve kind of given up on that.
Secondly that we simply say okay you dismantle the Yongbyon reactor another missile site that theyve already done several times.
Thats a danger and if thats the only arms control initiative that they push.
I think lastly my worry George is that were gonna trade something what the North Koreans really want which is a peace treaty in exchange for some limited arms control measures.
I think what needs to happen is dismantle some weapons.
Theyre not going to dismantle all of them.
Freeze intercontinental ballistic missiles that affect Japan and South Korea.
Find ways that these are concrete steps.
Timelines verification a framework for negotiations.
If its just a bunch of hand shakes and youre a good guy well meet again its gonna be a dud.
Is there a win win here?
Yeah but its not going to happen out of this meeting.
So what happened in the last meeting took us back from the brink of war but the president two presidents agreed to two mutually inconsistent future objectives.
One was normalization between the North and South and the other was denuclearization of the North.
Right now president Moon in the South is suggesting that he give some incentives in terms of money or reductions in sanctions or opening up industrial complexes to the North to induce them into further talks to renormalize their relationships.
That would fundamentally undermine everything that President Trump is trying to do with respect to denuclearizing.
If you dont force him to Jungs point the North will not get rid of their weapons.
So the win win here has to be for the president to carry the international good will to this meeting because hes not representing the United States and come out of this with some serious if not threatening additional sanctions.
That is the last word for today thank you all very much.
That is all for us today.
Thanks for sharing part of your Sunday with us.
Check out World News Tonight and Ill see you tomorrow on GMA.
Narrator We all need someone who will pull no punches and give it to us straight.
No bull no spin.
Now imagine getting your news like that.
Just give it to me straight.
ABC News straightforward.
Empire actor Jussie Smollett took advantage of the pain and anger of racism to promote his career.
Narrator GMA exclusive Chicagos top cop.
His first interview in the stunning Jussie Smollett investigation.
What will he say now?
Tomorrow on Good Morning America.
Show me The Crown.
Narrator Look at you.
When you talk your TV listens.
Thats cool.
Downloading 24 tunes in one second.
Booyah.
Locking your doors with your phone?
Oh yeah.
Jim and Melissa you are cool.
Man Cool.
Hi Carol.
Man Lets go!
Narrator Get Contour TV 100 meg internet and now Homelife Automation for 89.99 a month.
Free HD camera included.
Narrator Traffic Watch 7 is our way of keeping you ahead of traffic so you can commute better save time save headaches and save money.
Its team traffic on your side to help find which turn.
And a good alternative to 95 right now.
Narrator Which side road which highway to take.
On the maps with Julie Wright.
Mobile Track the first on the scene.
Narrator On the roads with Mobile Track 7 and in your car with new Traffic Watch 7 app.
Traffic Watch 7 on your side.
No matter where you go.
Announcer The deadly blind spot right under your nose.
Sunday after the Oscars.