
The Poconos Ashley.
Lets visit some small towns with great food shops and of course gorgeous views.
She does have all the answers.
Narrator Watch for Pocono Mountains Magazine on FOX 5 or go to PoconoMountainsMagazine.com.
Narrator What comes with a dollar soft drink from McDonalds?
1 any size soft drink.
Joy included.
Welcome to TMZ Live Harvey Levin here.
Charles here.
Bill Cosby is giving lectures behind bars on parenting on drug abuse and on getting a job.
And hes drawing huge crowds.
He is essentially and extremely popular motivational speaker in the prison where he is serving his term.
Now this may sound crazy to you because Bill Cosby at the end of this trial where he was convicted you know of drugging Andrea Constand and assaulting her You would think that people arent listening to Bill Cosby anymore they are.
They are behind bars.
And its happening multiple times a week.
This is three four times a week and up to 100 prisoners will elect to come to these things its not a required or mandatory thing.
These guys are coming to listen to him talk.
And you know Brandon and I were talking about this that you think about what is it thats different between them and people on the outside?
And you know people in prison especially if theyve been there a long time they are locked into the Cosby show.
Right.
And didnt necessarily connect toBut they know why hes there.
They do indeed but it doesnt seem to matter the way it matters on the outside.
Brad do we know if is he like acknowledging Look Ive made mistakes is that part of hisHe has maintained his innocence through this whole thing and actually to the Cosby show part his rep told us whenever hes there to visit Bill a lot of the prisoners still refer to him as their dad or their father figure and thats I think also part of why theyre listening to him here.
And you know there are people you know who commit certain crimes in prison or commit certain crimes in the outside and when they come in theyre looked on with disfavor.
It is the opposite with Bill Cosby.
Commentator Yeah I mean its dicey.
I meanYeah.
In this particular case its dicey for a lot of reasons number one The crimes of Bill Cosby a big deal Ive heard heinous and deplorable right?
At the same time there are still people that look at him with a certain affinity and up until those crimes were made public he was an insanely successful person.
So if youre going to in a vacuum if youre gonna listen to somebody on how to become successful or things that you need to do to reclaim success or start some of your own he wouldnt be a bad guy to listen to besides all of the other stuff you dont wanna hear thats coming out of his mouth.
So if youre inside you might look at it differently.
So Brad in terms of the substance of what hes talking about with parenting I think hes talking about rebonding.
Yeah because a lot of the guys that he speaks to are going to be out on parole soon.
So theyve lost time with their kids so its about rebonding with your family and your children when you get out.
And its also about how to interview for jobs and go find work right away so that youre provided opportunities that dont land you back behind bars.
Harvey Its interesting thatIts not that what hes saying what hes saying Im sure theres clearly theres value in it.
Yeah.
Theres value in it and a lot of these men hes speaking to in there can learn something from it and from him.
Its just weird that its coming from him after what he was convicted ofBut I guess the questionI guess the question when youre on the inside everybody has madeIf not a rue.
Everyones made a mistake.
Everyone there has made a mistake clearly.
Right.
At the same time you know listen if youre incarcerated whatever it is that youre incarcerated for you would hope that someone would spend their time inside incarcerated to try to do something positive.
Like anything you know toothpaste you can squeeze out of the tube.
I guess its just a weird thing coming from Bill Cosby at this point with the ideas that we have in our head about him right now.
I just think it would be less distasteful if he were acknowledging some wrongdoing while teaching these lessons.
And because he isnt its like if hes not contrite then for people on the outside its just difficult to hear him being a leader.
Thats how I feel thats what I think.
Thats why this story seems weird to people I think.
Hi my name is Markeish Johnson and I am from Milwaukee Wisconsin.
And speaking about Bill Cosby I think it is very rare for us on the outside to hear of what Bill Cosby is doing however I think it is very beneficial to the inmates that are coming out on parole due to the fact that you know theyre gonna come back on the outside theyre going to rebond with their families and rebuild and try to fit into that life again.
So I think it is a good idea for Bill to be doing something of that while hes incarcerated but he also needs to admit to his wrongdoings as well.
Mayor Pete Buttigieg is an incredibly we know hes very accomplishedHarvey Smart.
Charles Incredibly smart guy Road Scholar.
Harvey He speaks multiple languages by the way.
Speaks multiple languages which was on display in New York City.
So hes walking down the street and this dude comes up to him and the guy is from Malta.
And he is actually he is the president.
Whats funny enough its a presidenthopeful meets a president.
Hes the president of a Maltese club in a store in New York.
So laughs the guy starts talking to Buttigieg and were not gonna tell you the whole thingHeres a little bit.
In Maltese watch this.
All right my people Maltese.
Charles So you want to be President.
Its not the weather.
Harvey No I dont know.
Charles No theyre having a talk.
Harvey I know but what are they talking about?
Charles We know because we have Maltese spies.
All right so heres what I know that what the guy from Astoria is saying is hes inviting ButtigiegCharles This is a rough translation.
Well yeah I talked to somebody.
So he invited Buttigieg to come speak at the club that he runs in Astoria and then decided to sweeten the pot by saying that if you show up were gonna give you help me out with the name of this thing the can its a dessert.
Whats the name of it again?
It is called I dont know.
Oh here it is pastizzi.
Pastizzi.
Pastizzi.
Which is a its kind of like a cannoli with a soft crust on it.
I believe its ricotta cheese inside.
But they ended up talking That doesnt sound like a dessert.
And it turns out that Buttigieg was asking this guy where he was from.
Where his family was from in Malta.
And then Buttigieg said that his grandparents were in a nearby town and they live next door to a guy named Anton Buttigieg not related to him.
Not related but theyre the sameBecame president of Malta.
So Buttigieg is like Smith in Malta.
In Malta.
Because there are a lot of people named Buttigieg which I didnt know either so its kind of interesting.
Another thing that we learned here first of all we should say in addition to Maltese Mayor Pete also speaks Italian French Norwegian Spanish.
Spanish.
Commentator Hes read books in those foreign languages too like he doesnt just speak though like he really knows them.
Charles And he also speaks some Arabic anyway.
Harvey So I was just interestedThe other thing we learned is and we should say this cause I dont wanna make the assumption that everyone knows where Malta is Malta is a small island in the Mediterranean and its basically between Africa and the end of the Italian boot.
Thank you for that.
Some people think that its near Greece for some reason.
It is near Greece.
Its not near Greece.
Well it is near Greece.
Its near to Africa.
It is near Greece.
Its very near to Africa.
I didnt say nearer I said near Greece.
Tunisia Tunisia thats where it is.
It is near Greece.
Look on a map folks.
Look on a map and youll see.
And youll understand thatYou will see that its near Greece.
And were done.
Hi this is Glorashtee Im calling from Chesapeake Virginia.
Mayor Pete is going to sneak up on us all.
He has the unique ability to bond and blend and connect genuinely with just about everyone.
And hes only like what 19 laughs.
You got some millennial shade?
It might a bit.
laughs It might a bit.
Look I think whats really fascinating about him we gotta move on is that he is a true intellectual.
And its interesting that you know how America receives that Receives thatI think theyre gonna receive it well.
Right instead ofBecause you also can relate to people.
Right what youre saying is that theres always the chance that some people feel alienated from that that like youreYou know whod change that?
Who?
James Holzhauer.
Oh there you go.
Lets get some dancing in.
Very real dancing.
Beyonce and Jay Zs little girls all grown up.
Well shes seven.
Shes seven but thats old enough to be the star of a dance recital.
Blue Ivy attends Debbie Allens Dance Academy here in the LA area.
I think its in Inglewood actually.
And she had a recital and was doing her thing.
She actually alsoHarvey Shes good.
Charles Yeah she looks good.
Now she did this but there was another time when shes performing to one of Beyonces songs Before I Let Go andShes really good.
Which has gotta be I dont know is that weird for her?
Well I guess my mom.
No its not weird for her because they probably play the song all the time in the house.
She probably listens to the radio its always on the radio.
And kids love that song everybody loves that song right now.
Like theres a huge viral Before I Let Go challenge that Im sure she does at home in her mirror with her mom so it feels like at home and shes killing it so.
Harvey Do the other kids think its weird then?
Commentator No theyre kids.
Theyre like six years old.
Why dont we just let these babies dance.
My niece loves this song.
Let these babies dance.
But Beyonce redid this song and brought it back for Hey hey.
Uncle Van Uncle Van.
a whole other generation.
Easy Uncle Van okay.
What you saying man its a bunch of kids.
Is it weird for em?
Let these babies dance man.
Let these babies dance.
Charles Fine okay.
Dance babies go ahead.
God can we take a break?
Oh my god.
Yes please lets do this.
Kyler Its something Ive dreamed of my whole life.
Announcer Touchdown!
Nick I love this game its part of my family.
Quinnen On the field on the base deep as a player in the country.
Announcer The weathers heating up but TMZs cooler than ever.
TMZ we love Hollywood we just have a funny way of showing it.
Announcer Tonight at 730 on FOX 5.
Selling your house?
Well buy it as is handle all repairs and theres never a fee.
Get to lifes next step even faster with peace of mind and cash in your pocket.
Music Express Homebuyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music Youve tried so many moisturizers But one blows them all out of the water.
Hydro Boost with hyaluronic acid to plump skin cells so it bounces back.
Neutrogena and try our hydrating makeup.
My Calvin sofa and loveseat only 699.
My Calvin sofa and loveseat or twopiece sectional only 699.
My Calvin sofa and loveseat or twopiece sectional with throw pillows only 699.
My Calvin sofa and loveseat or twopiece sectional with throw pillows and your choice of three colors only 699.
gasps My Calvin sofa and loveseat or twopiece sectional with throw pillows and your choice of three colors and BobOPedic seating for extra comfort only 699 and only at Bobs Discount Furniture.
sighs heavily My Calvin collection its a lot just not expensive.
Crowd Get Bobs Discount.
Bob Only at Bobs Discount Furniture.
Narrator Get the best steal on tickets at KingsDominion.com.
Kings Dominion its amazing in here.
Music Body talk Music The only thing that I would do differently the only thing.
I should have called Express Homebuyers sooner.
Music Express Homebuyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music Narrator If you come at the Queen you best not mess.
Welcome back to TMZ Live.
If youre Halle Berry and you come home to your fabulous house only to discoverHarvey It aint your house no more.
Charles Its not your house.
Its justHarvey This is mindboggling.
Charles Thats a good word mind bogglingSo she literally theres a guy who tried to steal Halle Berrys house.
Steal her whole damn house.
Yup how in the world do you pull off something like that?
Well he figure out a way.
Yes police say this is how a guy named Ronald Eugene Griffin laughs tried to do it.
Commentator This is such a crazy story.
Charles Its so its actually simple.
Harvey It starts with a locksmith.
So this guy firstly comes back to the house in January and tries to fiddle with the locks and the gardener comes he goes What are you doing here?
And he takes off.
He comes back later like a month later.
He comes back with a locksmith and they start working on the outside locks and they get one of the locks changed.
And someone from the house who works there goes Hey what are you doing?
He goes Oh Im the new owner of the house I have the deed here.
The person from the house says Well Im gonna call the cops.
Well this guy goes Well Im gonna call the cops too.
Harvey Because I have the deed.
Yeah I mean this is so crazy.
So the person whos lived this is one of Halles homes in the L.A.area its not apparently not her main home.
Harvey But butCharles If theres a staff again at that point right there then to me thats where an alarm should have gone off that the staff or whoever was there at the house might make a call to Halle Berry or somebodyI think they did call her they called the police and then eventually this guy they investigated this guy ended up being arrested.
So they started looking at this guy.
But the guy actually forged the deed.
Commentator Right forged the deed and this is more common than you believe now.
Theres a whole division that deals just with this.
People are doing this.
Theyll steal a whole house theyll go and change the deed.
And one of the problems with this is if you think about it and this has been a big thing in California and in a lot of other states where elderly people especially they get taken advantage of and its done in various ways where they you know a roofer will come and say Hey you know what sign this contract and well put a new roof on and they end up foreclosing.
But this is way more bold butYeah this is I mean its shocking having to steal a whole house.
But if somebody doesnt have the staff to fight back like Get out its my house now.
Yeah I mean if its a rental house or something you go there and theyre like No.
And then you gotta go through the process of evicting them and getting them out legally and they could be there for a while.
So remember Halle Berry has had issues with you know intruders in her home.
I dont know if you remember but four or five years ago she literally came back to her house got in the kitchen looked out the glass window in the kitchen and theres a guy facing her on her property staring at her whos trying to get inside the house.
And it was somebody who apparently had been persistent.
So shes had these problems before.
Correct.
But apparently the guy didnt know it was Halle Berrys house.
No I mean this house was under a trust so he had no idea its just random luck that it was Halles or unlucky for Halle.
Bad luck bad luck for him also.
He got arrested.
He got arrested.
Hey Im Ariel Jones from Atlanta Georgia.
I think that its just so weird that you find another person in your home especially Halle Berry and its like how hed think that he would get away with that.
Harvey Thats actually a really good question.
Charles Well thats what I was gonna say like I cant imagine how he did but the fact that he did this makes you think that he probably did actually pull this off at some point.
This is such an important point.
My dad owned a liquor store and I dont remember what happened but we always used to say that bank robbers dont start robbing banks they start stealing candy at liquor stores.
Correct.
And then they graduate up.
So to go to a really nice house where you know there are employees there.
He probably pulled it off with a smaller house.
Thats right.
Theyre worth less.
And youre just wondering how many times has this happened and are they getting you know people who are struggling out of their house and saying Go go youre gone its my house now.
And they do it.
I mean its crazy.
Okay were gonna move on.
We got some video now of a huge brawl that broke out I guess its not a huge brawl its only two people.
Its a brawl.
But man it was vicious.
On a New York City street corner this is in SoHo two women for various reasons according to witnesses just started going at it until a Hollywood actor named Peter Greene you know him from Pulp Fiction you know him from The Mask.
He playsHes a pretty good actor.
Yeah hes played the villain in a lot of things.
He played Zed in Pulp Fiction.
But he happened to walk by while everyone else was watching what was going onJumped into action.
He jumped in.
Stop fighting!
Just calm down just calm down.
Hey hey no stop fighting!
Stop hurting her!
Stop hurting her with the rag!
Yo stop hurtingStop it stop it!
Stop it!
Why cant you two stop it whats the matter with you?
You let em fight?
Youre a grown man what the beeps.
No tell you!
Stop the fighting between two women.
Whats the matter with you?
Pedestrian How come he didnt stop it.
beeps Stop it.
Charles You could see at the end there Peter was ticked off.
Grief with Peter Greene.
The people he was yelling at are New York City traffic agents who were standing on the corner.
And just watching it.
And watching it happen so he was chastising them.
Good for him.
You can understand why hed be mad.
I mean isnt that their job to keep the peace?
Why are they just standing there watching two girls beat the hell out of each other?
Well yeah I mean look they do work for NYPD theyre not actual officers theyre traffic agents but they do work for NYPD.
Harvey Theres a problem and you know its interesting cause Peter you know these bikes are not cheap.
And Peter just kind of throw down his bike.
Well no.
Harvey Well yeah I mean its pretty valiant when he did it.
Commentator All the human trauma happening and Harveys not listening.
Harveys looking at how expensive that bike is.
Im concerned about that bike.
Harvey No Im just saying its a marker of how hes stepped in he was such a good Samaritan.
I think it just adds toCommentator Stop right there Pete you dont wanna pick up a charge yourself.
Charles Right.
laughing Good for him.
It is good to step in.
But I dont know Tim Well you wanna see the side of her faceThe traffic people I dont know if theyre like if thats part of their job description they give out tickets right?
Its probably not.
Yeah I know but you know.
I think if the fight had spilled over into the crosswalk then it affects traffic then they would get involved.
Im guessing but ICommentator Or they could just be decent human beings.
Harvey Well yes.
Commentator Wait hold on hold on hold on stop stop stop.
So a decent human being puts themselvesHarvey Yeah at risk.
Commentator At risk to get in the middle of somebody fighting?
Harvey And someones spitting also.
I dont know about that man.
Commentator Obviously yall never really been around that bit fighting.
You let them go til they tired.
Yeah theres a difference between being a good Samaritan and not being decent.
I mean look people dont wanna get involved it happens.
But I mean good for Peter Greene.
Good for Peter Greene is what we should be sayin.
Dont shame everybody else Peter Greene did something heroic.
Im Victoria Brownlee from Greensboro North Carolina.
And I must say that video was pretty amazing he did it just so effortlessly and then put everybody else in his place.
His status just went up 10 notches in my opinion.
All right.
Okay and were moving on.
Okay wanna hear about a cool cat?
laughs A real cool cat is gonna make a lot of money at least that is the plan.
You guys know Benjamin Button right?
Not the movie character but more importantly Taylor Swifts feline.
Yes her third cat her newest cat added to the family earlier this year is now officially part of the gang because she has added Benjamin to her trademark.
Now last year she had how do you get Benjamin Button as a trademark?
She got aWell its Meredith Olivia and Benjamin Swift.
So thats the difference and now shes gonnaIts almost like Benjamin Button is a nickname but his trademark name Oh his government name is Swift.
is Benjamin Swift.
Yes.
I got it.
Yeah so Taylor added Benjamin to the trademark she hadHarvey Has she done anything with the other cats in terms of marketing anything?
Yes she has Meredith and then the other one Olivia have been like all over TShirts and everything like that.
So she has already been selling all that merch and now with him I mean its just gonna be even more cuter.
And she wants to do like cellphone cases luggage I mean theres so much opportunity for this guy and you guys with grumpy cat passing away the cat community is heartbroken.
Theres a hole in the market yeah.
There is absolutely a spot for a new cat to come in and take over.
You know that Benjamins not actually gonna make any money right?
Like the money all goes to Taylor.
No youre kidding me!
Well Ive just seen we wanted to let Charlie know because she sounded pretty excited about opportunities for Benjamin.
You guys maybe its not about the money for him maybe he just wants the fame.
See thats why I needed Florida.
Yeah hes a clot chaser hes a cat chaser.
Taking a break.
Woman Feel this clean and fresh without a shower.
New Vagisil Sensitive Scents Dry Wash is here.
For instant freshness on the go.
With no white residue just spritz and go girl.
Sensitive?
Meet Vagisil Sensitive Scents.
What we achieve for patients is lifechanging.
You get your smile back your confidence back in just one day.
A new smile at a price you can afford.
With the dignity and respect you deserve.
Dont wait another day.
Nothing is more lifechanging than a healthy confident smile.
Narrator Let affordable dentures and implants create your new smile.
Schedule your free consultation.
Call 1800DENTURE or visit affordabledentures.com.
Ready to go when you are.
Wow you look nice.
Getting around isnt as easy as it used to be.
Thats why we called Bath Fitter.
They removed our old tub and installed a beautiful new spacious shower.
Now getting in and out is a breeze.
And we have peace of mind with seamless walls that provide a watertight fit.
Plus their lifetime guarantee.
Thanks to Bath Fitter life is so much easier with a shower we love.
Narrator Call today for this months offer.
Dukes is far and away my favorite mayonnaise and it has been for as long as I can remember.
It tastes homemade but its better than I could make.
Katie For any potato salad you have to have mayo and we might as well start with the best.
And its Dukes.
And its Dukes.
laughing Really good!
The fact that they use real egg yolks and theres no added sugar you can actually taste them.
Oh yeah!
Theres more Dukes on there than there is Bologna.
Im Andy Bederman of a law firm of Greenberg  Bederman.
For over 30 years my law firm has been helping personal injury victims in the DC Metro area get the financial compensation they deserve.
If youve been hurt in a car accident been the victim of medical malpractice or been denied social security disability benefits please let us help you too.
Call us at 301.589.2200 or visit us on the web at GBLawyers.com.
Greenberg  Bederman call us feel better.
Buy one take one is back starting at just 12.99 at Olive Garden.
Join us for a new favorite today then bring one home for tomorrow on us.
Buy one take one for a limited time.
Only at Olive Garden.
Narrator TMZs got every freaking thing.
Big celebs big stories big events.
Woman Teyana Taylor gave Iman Shumpert a sexy lapdance at her concert.
Man Oh this is good yeah yeah yeah.
He had sweats on thats dangerous.
Narrator Its TMZ.
Welcome back to TMZ Live.
Most of the faces are the same but man have their lives changed dramatically.
Talking about the cast of The Hills.
The reboot The Hills New Beginnings on MTV.
And yes you will see a lot of faces that you know A couple of faces that are new.
Harvey Theyve had a decade to grow.
Yeah.
And change.
And whats interesting is everybody thought Heidi and Spencer was only for the cameras back then.
Remember it was 2006 to 2010.
And there was a come on Heidi and Spencer theyre together.
Still together.
Theyre married.
Married and yeah theres that little guy who is on the show which is interesting because we know that having kids on reality showsProblematic.
Can be problematic.
So joining us right now to talk about all of that is Spencer Pratt.
Harvey Hey Spencer sir.
Charles Welcome back to TMZ Live how you doin man?
Oh my god whoa.
Can I see your guys faces I cant see my big head like that.
Where are you?
Where are you?
Thats beautiful.
That looks awesome.
That is Crested Butte mountains.
Ah Colorado!
This is where I grew up.
Were visiting her family oh my god.
Charles Montana?
Harvey No Colorado.
Colorado.
Crested Butte Colorado.
I didnt know if it was Colorado.
God its beautiful there.
Isnt it though yeah.
Harvey Holy smokes.
Its unreal I was wondering if you wanted to enjoy the view.
Well we appreciate that.
So listen man because its been a decade and there were no when you guys were partying in Hollywood back then nobody was bringing baby strollers.
Yeah!
Charles Or car seats so hows this gonna work out?
That was a big drama thing for my wife because she is an attachment parent.
So the first part of The Hill she doesnt really go out and shes having serious I would say emotional breakdowns just leaving our son.
Cause for the first year she never left Gunner for longer than a minute which is amazing but is was also very challenging so thankfully for The Hills she gets to a point where she can go out and be a regular mom that is fun and has a drink.
But that was very challenging initially.
Okay I got a question because that I didnt know this.
So this sounds like a was she preventing you from parenting because she was doing it all the time?
Thats what Im hearing.
No no I was there I could leave the house she was way more like extreme.
Obviously Gunner didnt come out of my body so I imagine that connections a little bit more intense than you know my connection.
Thats a fair assessment probably yeah laughing.
So what about youve heard about Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna arguing over whether their kid can go on a reality show and whatnot.
Do you have any like trepidations about GunnerYeah did you guys talk about it?
Sometimes it doesnt end well.
What was the conversation like before you made the decision about having him on?
All due respect to Rob and Blac Chyna but weve been together 12 years so our relationships a little stronger than those two which you know I hope IThats not shade those are facts.
Yeah yeah so I think thats the difference.
Were very aware of what reality TV does and if Gunner initially had not enjoyed the process and you know didnt like people we wouldnt have done it.
But he would cry when they would leave.
He would be trying to hold the boom mics and it was like fun almost like an adventure for him so.
You know hes more like an Asahd hes like DJ Khaleds son they were born for it.
Okay Spencer were gonna play a game.
This is total fantasy land.
Pretend Im 19 years old and Im trying to figure out Okay what is going on here?
what Im gonna watch tonight and Im thinking wait a minute these folks are married now they got a kid.
I wanna see people partying and doing whatnot what they did in the OG soWooh I got you Mister 19yearold Harvey Levin.
Okay let me tell you about Brandon Thomas Lee the son of Tommy Lee the son of Pamela Anderson.
He just turned 22.
He is the King of Hollywood.
The guy has more dates than anybody Ive ever seen in my life.
Hes got breaking hearts hes a freaking supermodel walking runways.
Real talk hes cooler than any of us ever were when we were on The Hills hes the next level.
So hes bringing that 19yearold interest.
And then if youre one of these older peopleMore seasoned more seasoned.
Yeah or better but I will say that one thing about being a parent is when you do get to go out like I was allowed out two nights a week.
I party harder than any 21yearold could ever party cause Im like Im out of the house ha!
So I would say I drank and partied harder than ever before on this season.
I was actually like my goal was to outparty any of these other reality shows.
And I think I did it I was going to every scene with two bottles of Don Julio so.
Oh gosh!
Excellent answers Spencer.
All right.
Excellent answer yeah.
Thank you thank you.
I think 19yearold Harvey is in.
By the way there was once a 19yearold.
I know.
Brandon is a superstar.
He cut out his own show on MTV just called Brandon so hes our ringer.
Harvey He isYou gotta send in the ringer.
Okay Spencer congratulations its amazing.
You guys endured the show endured its amazing.
Thank you Harvey I will tell this now finally feels real to talk to you again I feel like Im in a time machine.
I know this is crazy.
Its like old times like old times.
Spencer congrats and send the same regards to Heidi.
Charles And Gunner.
And Gunner.
All right love you guys.
Harvey And Gunner.
Thank you to all the TMZ Live commenters you guys are some of the funniest people.
When Im bored I go and read TMZ comments You guys are professionals so got off theOh god.
Okay Spencer well see you.
God its beautiful there holy smokes.
Thats gods country right there.
Okay taking a break.
Start the car!
Start the car!
Narrator The IKEA Summer Sale.
Woo!
Narrator Save up to 50 off select items in store only June 26th to July 7th.
IKEA.
Can you actually love wearing powerful sunscreen?
Yes.
Narrator Neutrogena Ultra Sheer.
No other sunscreen works better or feels so good.
Clinically proven Helioplex provides unbeatable UVAUVB protection to help prevent early skin aging and skin cancer.
All with a clean light feel.
For unbeatable protection.
Its the one the best for your skin.
Narrator Ultra Sheer Neutrogena.
See whats possible.
Narrator Its gonna be a summer scorcher and what better way to beat this heat than on our Caribbean Cruise.
Thats right with a purchase of any new car at Jim McKay Chevrolet youll be setting sail to the Bahamas Singapore or the Caribbean.
Dont worry no matter your situation you will still be setting sail.
Its all okay at Jim McKay.
Whether thats bankruptcy divorce repossession bad credit or no credit at all with Jim McKays credit amnesty program as long as you make 350 a week youre approved for up to 30000 in credit for your new ride.
And now you get a fourday threenight cruise for two to one of three tropical locations.
Beat the heat relaxing cool sun on the deck of a Caribbean cruise.
What do you have to lose?
A new car and a cruise with Jim McKays credit amnesty program as long as you make 350 a week youre approved for up to 30000 in credit.
Spaces are limited so call Jim McKay now to get your new Chevy and reserve your trip.
At best this offer ends once the months over.
Call Jim McKay Chevrolet today!
Music This is where it all begins Music Music This is where it all begins Music Music This is where it all begins Music Music Cause this could be the best day of our lives Music Music Yeah Music Music This is where it all begins Music Narrator Brushing only reaches 25 of your mouth.
Listerine cleans virtually 100.
Helping to prevent gum disease and bad breath.
Never settle for 25 always go for 100.
Bring out the bold.
Welcome back to TMZ Live.
It may have been the well actually Im gonna say was the most menacing news O.J.Simpson saying that hes got some people to get even with therefore hes gonna join Twitter.
He made this big announcement and then he now has a Twitter account and the first I dont know if this is someone he feels he needs to get even with but the first thing he chose to address was who is Khloe Kardashians father.
This has been a long held rumor that O.J.Unsubstantiated.
Yes that O.J.is Khloes dad and I think Kris has addressed this The family just poopooed it I think Khloes addressed it right.
They just said come on.
But O.J.wanted to give his two cents on it.
Heres what he said and pay close attentionThe way he says it.
Its not so much even Khloe its what hes saying about Kris.
Kris.
Bob Kardashian hes like a brother to me hes a great guy.
He met and married Kris they really had a terrific time together when they were together.
Unfortunately that ended.
But never and I wanna stress never in any way shape or form had I ever had any interest in Kris romantically or sexually.
And I never got any indication that she had any interest in me so all of these stories are just bogus bad you know tasteless.
Khloe like all the girls Im very proud of just like I know Bob would be if he was here.
But to simplify to the matter is shes not mine.
This guy hes so pathetic.
I mean hes just doing this because the attention was running low and here we are again talking about something that we already knew the answer to but of course he just has to try and lend his voice to it.
Both Yeah.
I was actually as I was listening to what he was saying what was the thing about Kris where he says Look I had no interest in her whatsoever.
He knows that she didnt have any interest in him.
Well no but thats kind of incidental I mean the beginning is I had no interest in her.
Well I disagree that its incidental he said it both ways he said It didnt happen I wasnt in to her.
Harvey And as far as I know.
And she never told me she was into me so.
Charles It sounds odd but it seems honest from O.J.
Harvey But why not just say Hey it just didnt happen?
Charles I dont know.
Commentator Not only did it not happenHarvey Give me more proof!
But what hes saying is Not only did it not happen that Im not its just there was nothing between us like that.
Its not that there was some kind of flame that we never acted on this was not a thing.
Charles Right.
That would be enough.
The reason it just feels weird is because honestly its O.J.just being honest.
And that just feels weird.
It feels weird cause why are you on Twitter dog?
As you were speaking I was just going Wait what is this end game here?
It seems likeAnd you know what the end game has to be somehow right?
What?
For him he thinks its money.
Money.
And somehow hes gonna get a certain number of followers and that somehow hes gonna be able to translate that into money.
If anybody should be willing to like you know cut their losses and just go ahead and live out the rest of their life and just virtual obscurity it should be O.J.
It should be O.J.
Dont be trying to get like a professional deal.
You could have made that argument after the murder trial.
Yes.
And it just you knowBut he refused to and you know where it got him.
Hi my name is Erica Chestane Im from Georgia.
When these O.J.tweets started popping up on my timeline I didnt know what to think.
And then he said that the Khloe rumors are bad bogus and tasteless.
But you cant take something seriously from a guy who wrote a book called If I Did It.
Harvey Yeah laughs right.
Honestly to me Khloe preop looks just like O.J.
And if you put a picture of Sydney Simpson up against Khloe Kardashian preop its undeniable.
Its like theyre twins.
So Melissa sorry Erica.
Its deniable.
So Erica you just came on here and youre just gonna completely start this up again?
Like everybody involved has shot it down.
People look like other people and also Sydney Simpson I mean that would be a different mother so none of them it just doesnt make sense.
And how many times are you gonna say preop?
Thats like the game man.
Thats all I heard thats shady dog.
A lot of shade a lot of shade.
Were gonna move on.
Mafia rules do not apply for George Lopez when dealing with President Trump.
You know Mafia rules you leave women and children out.
Harvey Thats true.
Right because George is going after the first family and specifically on the immigration policies of the administration and says that he has no issues dragging children into it.
I get that the President has older adult children but even Barron.
This is the post that George Lopez put up and made the point of including Barron in there.
Barron who is 13 years old and making it clear that hes from an immigrant mother.
Harvey Right.
Charles laughs And that actually all of his children also his first wife also an immigrant soHarvey Not all maples not Tiffany.
No youre right Tiffany is not included there.
So yes calling them all anchor babies.
So we got George out cause a lot of people feel like look obviously people are very critical of the immigration policy thats one thing.
But when you start bringing you know minor children into it.
Kids yeah.
Charles Does it cross the line?
So we got him out.
Yeah.
Interviewer Do you think its fair to put Barron in that post?
Why?
Interviewer Hes a kid you know.
Is it fair to put kids in cages?
Theyre kids.
Lets go Ancestry.com and 23andMe so everybodys swabbing the insides of their mouth to find out where they came from and you know what we can all agree on?
Is that nobody is from here.
Immigration has always been a problem and it will continue to be a problem but only targeting Latinos is not good.
Harvey So you know who would disagree with him?
Whos that?
The Obamas.
They made it very clear.
ChildrenDuring the presidency that unless you know Sasha and Malia were part of an event where you know Right.
they were there.
They did not want them to be They really were against them even being photographed because they said they didnt sign up for this.
I think they would disagree with that.
I think a lot of presidential families actually would disagree with it.
I think the Clintons would disagree with it because they also fought for privacy for Chelsea because she was in the limelight as well during their presidency and faced a lot of you know undue attention and a lot of criticism meanness and this was before the era of social media.
But of course I think what George is referring to you know here by targeting Donald Trumps children is again sort of all of the actions that have been taken by the administration against children at the border.
Putting them in cages.
So I mean I think the point that hes trying to make you know might be a valid one but its using people that is unfair in unfair way.
Heres the thing.
He could make the point just with Donald Jr.and Eric and Ivanka.
He doesnt have to go to Barron.
Charles You dont have to go to Barron.
And thats why its a little problematic.
Hey guys how you doin my names Dominic.
This issue is a little pressing.
I would say instead of targeting Barron Trump he includes him.
In a way yes hes wrong for you to include the family but to compare the Obamas and the Clintons to the Trumps is literally comparing apples to oranges.
I dont think it is I gotta stop you there.
Could you erase politicsYeah.
And just say its aboutIts about a family with minor kids.
Right.
And the issue is do you because once you look heres the thing.
This country is divided almost down the middle so whatever you allow on this side this sides gonna do.
So at a point you have to have a policy.
If the policy is minor kids are not fair game then theyre not fair game on either side.
But if theyre fair game on one side theyre gonna be fair game on the other side.
Right.
I mean its just the way it works.
Cause you gotta look at it without the politics.
Right okay taking a break.
Stay with us for live team coverage of this developing story.
We have exclusive new details coming into the FOX 5 Newsroom.
Tracking temperatures now across the region looks like big changes ahead for tomorrow.
This is gonna be big.
My Caleb Sofa  Loveseat with Bobs Discount you get both pieces for just 799.
799 are you joking?
Do I look like Im joking?
Yes you look like youre joking.
Im serious.
Cool.
Crowd Get Bobs Discount.
The best way to get to the beach.
Narrator With Neutrogena Beach Defense sunscreen.
Helioplex powered UVAUVB strong.
Beach strength protection for the whole family.
For the best day in the sun.
Neutrogena.
For many years Ive just never liked my backside Very square its just not attractive at all.
Now its like a new lease of life.
Dr.Jones exceeded my expectations.
I am so happy I just love him.
Im Dr.Michael Jones the founder of Lexington Plastic Surgeons.
And our surgeons strive to make sure that all of our patients leave the door looking and feeling their very best.
Narrator Lexington Plastic Surgeons.
Changing lives for the better one patient at a time.
Popeyes new Parmesan Ranch Double Dippers.
Nice move.
Hes double dipping.
Ranch and Parmesan.
Do you guys wanna try some of this?
Narrator Now you can double dip six boneless wings with my 5 Parmesan Ranch Double Dippers Music No bad chicken from Popeyes Music We have to be able to repair the enamel on a daily basis.
With the new Pronamel repair toothpaste we can help actively repair enamel in its weakened state.
Its innovative.
My goto toothpaste is gonna be Pronamel repair.
Having kids means having stuff.
My Keystone Stairway Bunk.
Storage inside the stairs behind the stairs even under the bed in gray espresso or white.
Only 777.
Crowd Get Bobs Discount.
I have a contract.
I dont care.
People who are not licensed daycare providers shouldnt be taking care of infants period.
Narrator Next Judge Judy.
Today at four and 430 on FOX 5.
Narrator FOX 5 DC on Twitter.
They gone to the dog house!
Oh my.
Narrator Watch follow engage.
Music You wont stop us Music Welcome back to TMZ Live Harvey and Van here.
What up.
Im really excited about this show today I mean this is great.
I love John Ratzenberger.
Ah man.
I just love John Ratzenberger.
I know one reason why you love him and Im gonna say this because you like people who are talented but you also like people who have two different distinct acts.
Yes thats exactly right.
John Ratzenberger was on Cheers huge show.
Huge star.
Biggest show on television.
And now to be in every single Pixar movie and has a fantastic second career doing that.
I love that I love that.
Well speaking of Toy Story 4 sounds amazing I mean the cast is amazing.
And there is kind of a posthumous character on this.
Van Right.
So I cant wait to bring him in.
John welcome to TMZ Live.
Thank you thanks for that nice intro.
Well its well deserved.
So a lot of people were shocked because everybody thought maybe Toy Story 3 was the end So this is a huge surprise.
John Yeah I wouldnt be surprised if they did a fifth one to tell you the truth.
Van Really?
It might not be done in my lifetime but somewhere down the line.
How long did it take to do?
What Toy Story 4?
I think it took em about three to four years somewhere.
Gosh that it a big investment.
You know I love the cast I mean in addition to you you got Tom Hanks youve got Tim Allen.
I love that Tony Hale is in the show.
Hes so funny he was so amazing on Veep.
Yeah the way they see him on this I think hes the funniest character in the movie.
mumbles The character he plays is hysterical.
John I gotta ask you something I saw Toy Story 3 and of course it was a phenomenal movie made huge money broke all kinds of records.
But at the end it was sad it was a very very sad tough watch.
There were people in the theater crying and stuff like that.
There are people out there parents who are concerned about bringing their kids to the movie if its gonna be that sad.
Does this one have kind of the same tenor as Toy Story 3 or is it a little bit different?
Well so the kids dont have to wait till their grandfather dies you know.
Itll give em a chance to work through the sadness at an early age.
Its not that sad its sad but its not that sad.
So thats hilarious.
Don Rickles you know he played Mr.
Potato Head.
He passed in 2017.
You guys brought him back.
Well yeah yeah Josh did the director.
He searched for hours and hours over old tape that they had for Don in the other Toy Stories and of some promos he did.
So he cobbled together Dons part from those tapes.
Van That is actually amazing.
Its amazing.
John I just gotta ask you cause what Van said at the beginning is so right.
I mean youve just had the most incredible career.
Im just curious about when you finished with Cheers cause theres so many people who think itll never get bigger than thisVan How could you go out of Cheers?
Yeah.
And its like just personally did you think that?
Was it shocking to you?
Did you kind of expect it all along?
Im just dying to know what was in your head you know at the end of that run.
Well every day was a gift from God I mean you had to pinch yourself cause your job description was you sit at a bar crack jokes and get paid for it.
I mean thats talk about the luckiest people on earth and then I get a call from John Lasseter 25 years ago saying Do you wanna play a pig in a cartoon movie?
Thats it 25 years now Ive been working with Pixar.
So Pixar is the most successful film studio of all time you are in every Pixar movie.
John are you the most successful actor of all time?
Why would you laugh at that?
Why you laughin?
Harvey I wouldnt laugh at that John.
Van I think youve got a solid case my G!
Im just thinking of images of Spencer Tracy and John Malkovich popped up in my head.
Harvey I mean.
Box officewise I think Im number three though.
Really?
Yeah.
Van Whos one and two?
I dont know.
Oh I know Samuel L.Jackson I think is one.
Sams got to be up there certainly yeah.
Wow we got a top five star.
I know Im so excited.
Of all time on our show man.
Im so excited.
Hey John listen were thrilled for you.
It really is an honor to have you on and congratulations its enormous.
So just congratulations on all your success over many many years.
Thank you thank you very much.
I appreciate that.
Youre amazing.
Thank you John.
Cheers brother.
Harvey Were gonna take a break.
Astronaut Go for landing over.
Roger anything go for landing 3000 feet.
Yeah looking good.
Narrator Discover a new world right here on this one.
Luray Caverns what will you discover?
Narrator People arent talking about how Giants fresh Chesapeake Bay seafood is 100 sustainable.
Theyre not talking about how our local products are sourced from over 40 familyowned farms.
Or how we carry local dry aged steaks and burgers.
Theyre not talking because theyre eating.
Mm looks delicious.
At Giant we believe in local because its about offering fresh food you love from the place you call home.
The little things are Giant.
Youve tried so many moisturizers.
But one blows them all out of the water.
Hydro Boost with hyaluronic acid to plump skin cells so it bounces back.
Neutrogena.
And try our hydrating make up.
Narrator You want new furniture now and you want it for less?
Theres only one place to go.
Price Busters Furnitures 4th of July sale.
With huge saving storewide and low low payments.
Sevenpiece living room just 19 payments with zero down.
Complete ninepiece bedroom with free mattress just 19 payments with zero down.
Save now get it now and pay later!
Thats right buy with no money down.
Nothing period!
Plus get free delivery.
This 4th of July Price Busters Furniture saves you money lots of money!
Buy one take one is back.
Starting at just 12.99 at Olive Garden.
Join us for a new favorite today then bring one home for tomorrow on us.
Buy one take one for a limited time only at Olive Garden.
Announcer Attention riders get ready to take your vocal cords to new heights.
Prepare your taste buds for the time of their lives.
Remain seated while the hairs on the back of your neck stand up.
And please enjoy the ride.
Narrator Get the best deal on tickets at KingsDominion.com.
Kings Dominion its amazing in here.
Narrator These kids just discovered an allnatural version of a video game classic.
Luray Caverns what will you discover?
Welcome back to TMZ Live if you showed up for something called Skankfest.
That is the name.
Its a comedy festival Skankfest Comedy Mayhem.
Its a festival in Brooklyn you got a big surprise because there was a performer that no one knew was gonna be there in fact were told really the organizer.
Yeah that was it.
It was the only person who pulled this off and then announced that Surprise Louis C.K.
is here.
So what kind of reaction do you think he got?
I would have anticipated a really strong reaction because in the comedy circuit hes always gotten that.
This is a festival that was just about comedians for three days soAnd you know that heIf youre there youre a diehard comedy fan.
There were issues that came up with him.
When he made a surprise appearance a few months ago.
No no Im just saying that the backstory of this whole thing.
Thats the back story of course.
Which you probably heard.
Louis you know masturbating in front of people and you know he lostHe lost a lot of gigs.
A lot of gigs he lost a movie.
So hes been trying hes been doing these appearances every now and then to mixed reactions.
So heres what happened.
Announcer Skankfest is a cool event right?
You never know what can happen.
Crazy things can happen.
Heres one of those crazy things.
Ladies and gentlemen Louis C.K.!
Crowd Louis Louis Louis Louis!
Harvey This went on for a long time.
Charles Long ovation and so you cant even say thats mixed I mean that isHarvey It was not mixed.
That is as its as full throated an ovation hes gonna get.
Yeah its a pretty shocking response.
I mean it almost sounds like you know the audiences favorite team just won a game laughs or something like that.
Charles Well I would say for a lot of people in that crowd Louis before anything happened remember was on top of the comedy world.
Right.
So this was you know for diehard comedy fans they wouldve probably been jonesing to see Louis C.K.
perform again.
Thats I think why you got that reaction and I dont know if going forward this will help him but were told the people who were there that he actually did open with a joke or I dont know if its a joke but he referred to hisYeah he opened the set by saying if you ever masturbate in front of someone ask them first and if they say yes Dont do it.
dont do it.
By the way I dont know if you saw this but Roseanne is performing in Atlantic City.
Yep withAnd the same name.
Yeah that this is again what we talked about with snapshots and whatnot.
That you cannotSo well see.
I mean who was that again?
Andrew Dice Clay yeah.
Andrew Dice Clay thats right.
Thats an interesting double builder.
Hi this is Sarah Butler from Des Moines Iowa.
Hi Sarah.
laughs Hey I think hes doing what he does best comedy.
I mean he may have made a mistake and done some things some people dont like but gettin right back into you know the business what he loves to do and what hes good at and hes good at making people laugh.
So I mean I think he shouldve gone right back.
Harvey Yeah and the audience received him well.
It was when they were gonna forgive and it sounds like its there.
Harvey Were gonna take a break.
Start the car!
Start the car!
Narrator The IKEA Summer Sale.
Woo!
Narrator Save up to 50 off select items in store only June 26th to July 7th.
IKEA.
Narrator Happy 4th of July.
Call now and save with Bath Fitter.
UP to 600 off your tub and shower upgrade.
If you need a place to relax or a conversion to make bathing easier count on the company with a lifetime warranty.
And installation in as little as one day.
But dont wait call today and find out why Bath Fitter is the perfect fit.
Music Call Bath Fitter Music Music Were the perfect fit Music Narrator Connect with everything you love online with Cox Internet.
Call today to get Cox Internet starting at only 29.99 a month.
Stream all your favorite shows with up to one GIG speeds available everywhere.
Plus get Panoramic Wifi that blasts super fast internet all over your home.
Stay connected with Cox Internet starting at just 29.99 a month for up to 10 Mbps.
Call today.
Hi my name is Geoffrey Tade and I have lost 78 pounds in 93 days with Dr.Cory Aplins weight loss program.
I have more energy now than Ive ever had before.
I can go back and wear my old clothing.
I no longer have any hypoglycemic episodes like I once had.
Hi Im Dr.Aplin.
To find out how you can lose up to a pound of fat per day call this number right now for your no obligation consultation.
Narrator Youre a person not a credit score.
But sometimes your score gets in the way of the things you want to do.
Personal consumer loans through NetCredit help you borrow up to 10000.
And you can check if youre eligible at NetCredit.com without affecting your credit score.
You may even be able to build your credit history as you repay.
NetCredit a more personal personal loan.
Visit NetCredit.com today.
Music Body talk Music Welcome back to TMZ Live.
Marc Anthony passionately singing I Will Always Love You to Jennifer Lopez.
Thats weird.
That seems weird right?
Especially because ARod was sitting right between them.
Actually he was passionately singing but this was an event for Marc and Jennifers kids and Alex is there of course now.
And he posted a video that shows everybodys getting along just fine.
Music I will always Music Music Love you Music Music I will always Music Charles I thought this was one of their I dont know which one of their kids was having a choir concert.
You know you really have to commend Marc Anthony and J.
Lo for you know getting along as well as they do.
But you know in order to bring in another person into that relationship it honestly could mess everything up.
But you know what ARod is a great dude.
It looks like hes having a great time.
It looks like him and Marc Anthony are bros.Harvey Good for them.
Good for them.
Will it work?
Charles Everything works for them.
We will see you next time.
Im a lawyer.
Everyone wants to buy houses these days.
But whom can you trust?
Call Express Homebuyers thousands of homeowners have trusted us to buy their house the hasslefree way.
Music Express Homebuyers Music Music We buy your house in seven days Music After my car accident I didnt know that a lawyer would help deal with all of my medical bills.
I didnt know I could also get money for pain and suffering.
I didnt know the insurance company wasnt going to give me the settlement I deserved.
We do know.
At Saiontz  Kirk we know injury law and we know how to get you the most money possible.
Clients of Saiontz  Kirk have collected over 1 billion.
When you need a lawyer you have a lawyer.
Call 1800LAWYERS or visit YouHaveALawyer.com.
If you have a phone you have a lawyer.
We are sisters.
And we just moved in together.
Narrator Why Alissa and Aleah chose Fios.
We stream so much.
A lot of times Alissa is watching TV on her laptop using her phone also using her tablet.
I am really good at multitasking.
Cause Im awesome.
A little.
Narrator The best internet is even better at our best price.
Switch now and get our faster speeds available.
Plus a free Chromebook on us.
Thats Fios.
The only thing thing that I would do differently.