
We have a fairly widespread winter weather advisory.
Announcer Today on TMZ...
This is clearly the rollup to the Grammys and Beyonce is skating there.
Katie Janelle Mone had a roller skating party and her guest of honor was Beyonce.
Im just thinking people actually go out during the weekdays?
Celebrities dont go out on the weekend.
They go out during the week.
If you dont have a real job its better to party on those days.
I cant go out like on a Tuesday a Monday night with everybody else.
I have to be at work everyday.
You also have two young children at home!
You have children Raquel.
Ariana Grande is calling the producer of the Grammys a liar.
The producer Ken Ehrlich said that Ariana pulled out because she was too frazzled and couldnt get a decent performance together in time.
Ariana is pissed.
She even tweeted I can pull together a performance overnight and you know that Ken.
When you say the name Ken youre really mad.
Dammit Ken you know that about me.
We got Matt Gaetz.
He is Republican a representative from Florida.
And when we say people are calling you the conservative Alexandria OcasioCortez...Reporter You think you guys could be a power couple together?
I dont know.
That might be a little presumptuous of me but I would certainly swipe right on the opportunity.
Hes incredibly charming in this video.
He represents Pensacola Florida which is very conservative.
Fun fact Pensacola Florida has the most whitest sandest beaches in the United States.
Pensacola even the beaches are white.
Jen Selter hit up the beaches of Cabo in this really cute bikini.
She looks incredible.
Hey you know what?
Shes been a little bit thirsty because today the weather is 22 degrees.
Thats Celsius.
Oh.
Music TMZ kidz Music Music TMZ kidz Music Music Lets have fun withMusic Announcer TMZ daddies!
Oh yeah.
Googoo gaga Conor McGregor.
Conor McGregor just looks so good.
Hes got a great body and his swagger.
Announcer Hes got so much swagger even the waves cant knock him down.
Now whos the party pooper?
No the swim diaper keeps all the booboo inside.
Announcer Good to know.
So whos the kid?
Hes with Conor Junior his firstborn sun.
It was a warm winter day in Miami.
Aw.
Announcer Yep Conor spent an idyllic day by the sea with his oneyearold son a little too idyllic if you ask this guy.
Is this um orchestrated?
Naw Conor takes his son everywhere.
He took his son to the Superbowl.
Announcer Yeah he likes...
Being seen with his adorable child.
Wait a minute!
Its interesting because it is a way of softening his image after the dolly.
Announcer As in the dolly Conor hurled at a bus causing painful injuries to a fellow UFC fighters face?
And speaking of faces its like Conors looking into a mirror.
Oh!
Right now its very chilly out here.
If you can afford it why not go to Miami where its in the high 70s?
Hes from Ireland.
Thats even worse than L.A.Thats negative probably like who knows?
I want to open my phone day and have it say negative who knows.
Oh my God thats I need a jacket its negative probably who knows.
And then you open it up it says hot as fish grease.
Announcer Happy dadding!
Daddy.
Kim Kardashian was on Jimmy Fallons show and was talking all about her fourth kid but you really couldnt concentrate because she was so freaking gorgeous in this like skintight snakeskin dress.
I know we say this all the time but it really is the best shes ever looked.
She looks amazing every day.
Its ridiculous.
How long does it take Kim Kardashian to get ready?
Hours.
Hours.
Oh God to sit there.
Why do you care about sitting there?
Someones pampering and youre drinking.
Who cares?
The worst.
It would just drive me crazy.
How long does it take you to get ready?
11 minutes.
You time yourself?
Uhhuh I know exact because I have to time myself in the morning.
What do you do at the 11th minute?
Whats the last like ugh!
Do you wink at yourself?
The last one is you got this Levin.
Announcer Its one of the biggest feuds in Hollywood.
Ariana Grande versus this guy!
Who the hell is that Richard Dreyfus?
Ariana Grande is calling the producer of the Grammys a liar.
Oh its Ken Ehrlich who did an interview saying Ariana Grande whose face has been used everywhere to promote the Grammys this year wont be performing after all because he claims she felt it was quote too late for her to pull something together unquote.
And now Ariana is clapping back Pelosistyle calling Ehrlich a liar liar McLiarson.
She said Ive kept my mouth shut but now youre lying about me.
I can pull together a performance overnight and you know that Ken.
Announcer According to Ariana she wanted to sing her hit song Japanese barbecue AKA 7 rings but Ken didnt think the audience would relate to which Ariana said thank you next.
So who do we believe?
I am 100 Team Ariana.
Nah.
They are putting her everywhere her face everywhere because they want her audience to come to the Grammys.
7 rings is the number one song in the country right now.
That doesnt make any sense to me.
Who do we know all this from?
I know it.
Do we have Kens comment?
What Ken says is that she was too frazzled to pull it together.
Right and its not true.
Did you see the statement?
From whom?
Ken!
Announcer Guys guys!
Calm down.
Perhaps we need some estrogen to clear this all up.
They only let you perform songs that are nominated.
That song is not nominated.
Announcer You tell em girl.
Except for one thing.
Last year at the Grammys Childish Gambino performed a song that was not nominated and so did Sam Smith.
Announcer Women right?
Hey at least they tried.
Well miss you at the Grammys this year Ariana.
Well maybe Ken wont but you know.
Everyone else will.
I love you beard.
Producer Julian Edelmans playoff beard is no more.
Harvey Oh youre kidding.
He finally shaved it off.
And its because of Ellen DeGeneres.
So Julian Edelman had this epic beard.
Hes been growing it nine months so its around training camp time.
He went on Ellen DeGeneres and she said Ill donate 10000 to the Boys and Girls Club.
But you need to let me shave that beard first.
Lets do it.
Lets do it.
Yay!
So how does he look after it?
Blond Man So hes actually a very beautiful man.
Female Staff Member Hes so hot.
Oh my God hes so hot.
Male Crew Member Is he hotter with the beard or without?
Female Staff Member Without.
Hes so hot.
Harvey Yeah hes greatlooking.
Everybodys hotter with a beard.
I agree.
Thats not true.
Not true at all.
Everybodys better with a beard.
No.
Yes girls love like a George Michael overgrow.
Thats not true!
Stop saying what we like.
Julian Edelman looks a million times better without a beard.
No not at all.
No beards.
Beards man.
No thats not true.
Believe me man.
Girls like beards.
I dont.
No.
Not true.
Girls like beards because a baby face meansStop telling us what girls like.
Girls like beards.
Reporter Congressman Gaetz how you doing man?
Good.
Announcer Fellow Americans say hello to Republican congressman Matt Gaetz from the great state of Florida.
Super conservative I believe.
Very conservative very much about the wall.
Announcer In fact many are calling him the conservative Alexandria OcasioCortez.
Well that is totally unfair.
AOC is way more interesting and attractive and capable than I am.
He said capable?
Capable.
Did he just sandwich that attractive in?
Literally right in between the two.
Announcer Ooh well maybe you can get Rashida to pass her a note during session.
But you two are so different!
For instance she likes dancing and you try to get parents of Parkland victims kicked out of a congressional hearing.
Listen the biggest difference in this town isnt whether people are Republicans or Democrats.
Its whether they want to shake the place up or not.
She does and I admire her for it.
Announcer Wow I dont remember any congressperson ever saying that about another congressperson that way.
Republicans like usually their line is shes young and stupid.
Like thats whats always their criticism of her.
Sometimes haters just gotta hate man and thats not what Im about.
Announcer So what is Matt Gaetz about?
Well hes extremely progun but is also promarijuana which means you can be prepared for the zombie apocalypse but wont care when it happens.
Say you know who else is promarijuana?
AOC.
I would certainly swipe right on the opportunity to write a cannabis bill with her.
Announcer Dude.
All No.
Are you kidding me?
I think would it help America if those guys like started dating.
They seem like Romeo and Juliet a little bit dont they?
Announcer And that turned out great.
If he does take a chance on pissing off his electorate he represents Pensacola Florida which is very conservative.
Wait fun fact.
Pensacola Florida has the most whitest sandest beaches in the United States.
Pensacola even the beaches are white.
Reporter Thanks Congressman.
Announcer Politics!
Jen Selter super popular Instagram model hit up the beaches of Cabo in this really cute bikini.
She looks incredible.
She was like the OG butt girl and now I I dont even know what the hell happened to her.
Jen Selter is still big.
I disagree.
We havent heard from her in a while.
She has 13 million Instagram followers.
She just launched a whole like fitness diet plan and everything.
Shes doing great.
Patrick If you have 13 million Instagram followers you can make hundreds of thousands of dollars advertising products on Instagram.
Shes doing really really well.
Much better than most of the other Instagram models.
Hey you know what?
Shes being a little bit thirsty because today the weather is 22 degrees.
Thats Celsius.
Oh.
Announcer Coming up...Janelle Mone threw the best preGrammy party.
She did a retro rollerskating party.
Her guest of honor was Beyonce so we have video of Beyonce rollerskating.
Youre like out of breath.
Im so excited!
Announcer Plus Patrick Whitesell the super agent.
Who introduced Jeff Bezos to his wife Lauren.
Charles We got him out last night.
Nice guy and he was withHarvey Hot model.
But thats a subtle message.
Hes that nice guy.
Hows that a subtle message?
Hes the nice guy in the situation.
Oh my God.
You are an idiot.
Announcer TMZ brought to you by TJ Maxx.
Its not shopping its maximizing.
TJ Maxx Narrator This is you shopping.
And this is you maximizing at TJ Maxx.
You shopping.
You maximizing.
You shopping.
You maximizing.
Find the brands you love and get more you for your money every time.
Its not shopping.
Its maximizing.
Start maximizing today.
Max life at TJ Maxx.
Announcer Coming up.
Danielle Bregoli had her own show come out on Snapchat.
If I had to put my money on a 15yearold becoming rich and famous...Shes already rich and famous.
Announcer Be right back.
Fox 5 Narrator Sunday mornings Fox 5 takes a deep dive into the top political headlines.
Join Tom Fitzgerald as we break down the weekend politics.
Fox 5 News On the Hill.
I could hear mens thoughts.
Shaq crunching Pretzels are delicious.
Movie Announcer Get ready for the comedy event of the year.
He slept with your cousin Gabby.
He said you were on a break.
Everybody lying.
Amen.
Movie Announcer What Men Want now playing.
Rated R.Planet Fitness Announcer Its the No Commitment Sale at Planet Fitness.
For just 25 down 10 a month with no commitment youll get tons of cardio and strength equipment free fitness training and a totally comfortable place to go at your happy pace.
Get all this for just 25 down 10 a month no commitment.
Now is the right time to join.
Join inclub or online at planetfitness.com.
Planet Fitness the judgmentfree zone.
Terms Narrator Join Planet Fitness for only 25 down 10 a month with no commitment.
Now through February 12th.
When I walked through a snowstorm for a cigarette thats when I knew I had to quit for real this time.
Thats why Im using Nicorette.
Nicorette Narrator Only Nicorette Gum has patented dualcoated technology for great taste plus intense craving relief.
Every great why needs a great how.
Theraflu Narrator New Theraflu PowerPods the cold and flu fighting machine you put in your machine.
Press the button to brew up powerful relief to defeat your toughest cold and flu symptoms fast.
New Theraflu PowerPods.
Press sip relief.
Toyota Announcer Its time to go Toyota with the strongest lineup of Toyota trucks ever.
Go Tacoma right now with 1000 cash back.
The leader in versatility and built for offroad adventure.
Go with Tundra and get 1500 cash back or pick a 4Runner with rugged bodyonframe construction and if you want to kick it up a notch check out the TRD Pro Series.
Go reliable go Toyota and lets go places.
JCPenney Announcer At the JCPenney Valentines Day Sale theres more to love.
Take an extra 20 off with your JCPenney credit card and coupon and get up to 70 off fine jewelry after coupon.
Or for for 25 shop diamond jewelry or a Sephora Favorites perfume sampler.
Great gifts meet prices.
JCPenney.
Judge Judy Narrator A vacation interrupted by a bad rental?
She retained 891.50.
That is not true.
I did not.
Dont talk to anybody else.
I didnt understand when I could interject.
Never.
Do you take something that makes you hyper?
Im just naturally hyper.
laughs Judge Judy Narrator Judge Judy.
Monday at four and 430 on Fox 5.
Reporter Whats going on Janelle?
Announcer Thats singersongwriter Janelle Mone attending a pregrammy awards party in L.A.Repping her potential album of the yearDirty Computer.
Announcer Right.
But it was Janelles pregrammy party of the same name that really had people spinning.
She did a retro rollerskating party and her guest of honor was Beyonce.
Announcer Oh yeah!
Theres Queen Bey getting her swerves on all over the rink.
Beyonce.
So we have video of Beyonce rollerskating.
Youre like out of breath.
Im so excited because Janelle Mone and Beyonce rollerskating?
Its so cool.
Announcer Damn right.
Beyonces rocking lucky number seven.
Janelles rocking youregonnagetlucky skintight pants.
Model Shaun Ross Transparent actress Trace Lysette.
We have video of her rollerskating?
Announcer Uh we kinda just showed it.
Beyonce just thought it was like an average Thursday night happening to be like Janelle Mones party.
Celebrities dont go out on the weekend.
They go out during the week.
Thats why Im pretty much wack now because I cant go out like on a Tuesday and Monday nights like Ace of Diamonds and things like that.
I have to be at work every day.
You also have two young children at home.
You have children Raquel.
Announcer Oh thats it.
Alexa watch children.
Gotta roll!
I went from sleeping on the floor in a trailer to having a gold record in six months.
Danielle Bregoli is breaking records so she had her own show come out on Snapchat this week and its called Bringing up Bhabie.
This thing killed it.
On the very first day it got over 10 million views.
Snapchat even said if you compare this to Keeping Up with the Kardashians Keeping Up with the Kardashians gets about 1.5 million views.
Shes a hit.
Shes supposed to make 10 million dollars this year.
If I had to put my money on a 15yearold becoming rich and famous shes gonna be in the top five.
Well shes already rich and famous.
So thats a pretty good win.
You really went out on a limb.
But you also helped her out a lot.
We picture her every other day.
Every time that we talk about a lot of people though a nobody we help them out so much its insane.
And guess what they do after they get famous?
Dont talk to us.
Exactly.
You know what happens when they stop being famous though?
We stop talking to them.
So.
Ha!
So well talk to anybody.
Thats the party line.
Announcer And now As the Bezos Turns.
Money wiener pics Amazon dating Bezos.
Yes its been a crazy week for the richest man in the world but now new drama.
His new girlfriends estranged husband is dating this chick.
Wait weve got a better photo.
Oh right.
Patrick Whitesell the super agent from William Morris EndeavorAlso known as Lauren Sanchezs estranged husband.
Announcer Right because he was married to her and friends with him and introduced her to him and now theyre together.
But Patrick is okay because we got him out last night and he was with hot model named Keira Alexa but they did the thing where they walk out separately.
And then get in the same car in the backseat.
Announcer Slick move guys.
Now tell us about this hot lady!
Her name is Keira Alexa.
Shes a model and thats all I know about her.
Announcer Thanks for that detailed report.
Well take it from here.
She loves to sell cookies wear bras and also not wear bras.
Oh and she looks a lot like Patricks ex Lauren.
Shes roughly 25 years younger than Lauren.
Announcer That explains the cookies.
Does it bother Lauren?
Probably a little bit.
No Lauren is with Jeff Bezos.
Announcer Speaking of hes got some drama of his own with that wholeYour semierect manhood pressing against your zipper.
Announcer We were gonna say extortion claims but thanks for getting specific.
So the interesting thing now is American Medias now saying oops were gonna investigate ourselves in this thing because Jeff Bezos says they tried blackmailing him.
The emails were crazy.
Why would National Enquirer go get the richest man.
Like thats just dumb.
Announcer Well lets break it down in detail.
Theres a whole bunch of stuff.
Announcer Right so.
Good luck Jeff.
And Patrick?
You already got lucky.
Good news everybody.
My new movie came out today.
I dont know if you guys noticed but Im starring in a new movie.
What the hell is this?
Yeah its true story.
Its called High Flying Bird.
Its directed by Steven Soderbergh.
Zazie Beetz is my costar along with Zachary Quinto.
The movies about the basketball lockout and during the best scene of the movieOh man this is getting crazy.
Jamil Umber and Erick Scott seem to be going at it in public calling each other out on Twitter.
Never want to make these things public but these guys have.
Yeah.
Thats right.
Did you make it?
Oh thats hot.
Im done Im canceling my Netflix.
You mean youre gonna delete your moms password.
I dont know anyone who has their own account.
Oh you use somebody elses?
Are you serious?
I use my moms.
Oh my.
Its Netflix.
How do we get that code?
If your parents seen what you might also like and Raquels got theAnnouncer Coming up...Billy McFarland just got sued for three million dollars and lost.
How do you get it from Billy if hes in prison?
Well somebody in prison could still have money.
You know that they dont take your money to prison with you right?
Well yeah Im well aware of it.
I dont want to waste time with the wrong guys and miss out on the one for me.
Thats why Im on eharmony.
Eharmony Announcer At eharmony we connect you on what really matters.
Thats why every 14 minutes someone finds love on eharmony.
Start free today.
Im a close talker so I was excited about allnew Colgate Total.
Its breakthrough formula does more.
Wonderful.
Sensitivity strengthens teeth it kills germs through my whole mouth.
I like your confidence.
Thanks Mr.Lee.
Now theres no such thing as too close.
Yes there is.
No theres not.
Yes there is.
No theres not.
Okay.
Luke Allnew Colgate Total.
Do more for your whole mouth.
Olay Narrator Prestige creams not living up to the hype?
One jar shatters the competition.
Olay Regenerist hydrates skin better than creams costing over 100 200 and even 400.
Fact check this ad in Good Housekeeping.
Olay.
Chris Pratt is getting rid of his dad bod with fasting and spirituality.
Hes trying real hard to be unattractive.
Religion and fasting?
Oy.
We love Hollywood!
We just have a funny way of showing it.
Dunkin Narrator When Girl Scout ingenuity meets Dunkin coffee you get a cup of cando.
Girl Scout cookieinspired flavors are back at Dunkin.
Try Thin Mints Coconut Caramel or Truffle and Shortbread flavors and get your 2 medium latte or cappuccino from two to six PM.
America runs on Dunkin.
All right listen up.
Shingles weve been protecting this roof for years and its time to go.
Tell me about it.
I cant hold my water anymore.
Uh oh Im going to leak in their bedroom!
And these blotches and stains are showing my age.
The homeowner needs to show us some love.
Long Roofing Announcer Another harsh winter is here.
Better call Long Roofing now and get a new roof from 99 a month.
Music We build trust and piece of mind Music Music Into every Long Roofing Roof Music Weve been up here for years!
Come on.
Sono Bello Narrator Its a new year.
Its time for a new you.
This year get rid of hardtolose fat to reveal the slimmer sexier and more confident you with Sono Bello Americas number one cosmetic surgery specialist.
I wish that I would have known about Sono Bello years ago.
Im 42 and Im just starting to live my life the way I want to.
Sono Bello Narrator Using advanced microlaser technologies Sono Bello can give you the body you deserve in as little as one day with minimal downtime.
Call 8884366234 or go to SonoBello.com for our New Year New You limitedtime offer.
Find out how to get one area free.
Thats your stomach inner thighs even your arms free.
Get your new body now with one of our boardcertified surgeons.
Its our best offer of the year.
Book now and get one area free.
Payment plans available.
Call 8884366234 or go to SonoBello.com.
Cyprus Announcer Stay warm and cozy with GasFireplaces.com.
Cyprus Airs Presidents Day Sale is here.
Convert your woodburning fireplace to gas and get up to 80 off with installation as early as next week.
Visit your nearest showroom or schedule a free inhome visit online at GasFireplaces.com.
Pay It Forward Announcer Every day people in our community are making an impact.
Cutting hair for the homeless helping seniors keeping kids safe.
They are all paying it forward.
Easterns Automotive Group wants to recognize those serving the community.
Go to Fox5DC.com to nominate those making a difference today.
Announcer TMZ online and on your phone 247.
And now TMZ Piracy presents X Marks the Spot to where disgraced Fyre Festival Founder Billy McFarland hopefully has something valuable buried cause hes on the hook for a crapload of cash.
Yarg!
So Billy McFarland is in trouble again.
He just got sued for three million dollars and lost.
So this investment company EHL funded him three million dollars three weeks before the Fyre Festival and they never got paid back.
So they now have sued him for the three million dollars plus interest plus legal fees and they won.
Announcer Festival cofounder Ja Rule was mentioned in the suit but isnt on the hook for the three mil which means they got to get it all from Billy.
One question though.
How do you get it from Billy if hes in prison?
Well somebody in prison can still have money.
You know that they dont take your money to prison with you right?
Well yeah.
Announcer Yes but hopefully Billys money is protected via the method any solid financial planner would recommend.
Dig a hole in his backyard and put in a bag.
Its a pretty good idea.
Its a terrible idea.
What about under the sea like a lobster trap and then you like bring it up when youre out of prison.
Announcer Yeah unless some lobster swipes it and is living large on your cheddar yo.
But heres a better idea for Billys money.
He put it in commissary.
You invest it in commissary.
Pretty madeup.
Ive got 14 billion dollars in the commissary.
Yeah thats a lot of instant noodles huh?
Announcer Well the point is hopefully Billys got that three mil buried someplace.
I know a lot of people who have money buried.
Youve actually seen people bury money in their back yard.
A thousand percent.
Announcer Wow thats a lot of percent so she must be telling the truth.
Lying conman goodbye everybody!
Coming up.
Sheila E.She sends a little message to her numberone fan.
Who?
Eric.
I love her.
Oh my God Eric.
Ah the old crew.
Remember when we all used to go to the cafeteria and just chow down midday?
You mean like lunch?
Come on voted most likely to help people save 668 when they switch?
At this school?
Didnt you get caught in the laminating machine?
Box have a great summer Danielle.
Ooh Danielle control yourself.
Id like to slow it down here with a special discount for a special girl.
Danielle this ones for you.
Heres your Buick sir.
Actually thats my Buick.
Your Buick doesnt have a roof rack.
This is my Buick.
How are we gonna fit in your moms Buick?
Easy.
I like that new Buick.
Me too.
I was actually talking about that Buick.
I knew that.
Did you?
Buick Announcer Buicks fresh new lineup is full of surprises.
Get great deals on our expectationshattering lineup.
Pay no interest for 72 months on most Buick models.
Xfinity Narrator You.
All of you.
How you live.
What you love.
Thats what inspired us to create Americas most advanced internet internet that puts you in charge.
That protects whats important.
And handles everything and reaches everywhere.
This is beyond wifi.
This is xfi.
Simple easy awesome.
Xfinity the future of awesome.
Cyprus Announcer Stay warm and cozy with GasFireplaces.com.
Cyprus Airs Presidents Day Sale is here.
Convert your woodburning fireplace to gas and get up to 80 off with installation as early as next week.
Visit your nearest showroom or schedule a free inhome visit online at GasFireplaces.com.
Sports Narrator College hoops contenders battle backtoback in a big game Saturday on Fox.
Game Announcer For the win go!
Sports Narrator First Charles Matthews and number five Michigan look for revenge in a rematch with 24thranked Wisconsin.
Then Big East scoring machine Marcus Howard looks to spark number 10 Marquette against reigning champs number 14 Villanova.
Sports Commentator Exclamation point!
Sports Narrator A big game doubleheader tips off Saturday at 1130 eastern on Fox and the Fox Sports app.
Announcer Closed captioning and other consideration for TMZ provided by Advil Announcer With Advil youll ask what sore muscles?
What pounding head?
Advil is relief thats fast.
Strength that lasts.
Youll ask what pain?
With Advil.
Dove Announcer Can your hair survive damage?
Dove Intensive Repair Conditioner proves it can.
We treat one brush with Dove conditioner and expose both to heat styling to bleaching and even coloring.
The difference is clear.
The brush treated with Dove is visibly smoother and protected against damage.
Dove Intensive Repair conditioner for 100 touchably beautiful hair.
Since once conditioner doesnt fit all Dove UltraCare conditioners.
Announcer The TMZ Celebrity Tour has a new home directly across from the Hollywood and Highland Center in the heart of Tinseltown.
Onboard this bus you never know who you might see.
Kim Kardashian.
Ben Affleck.
The Rock Mariah Carey.
Justin Bieber.
Kevin Hart.
Get your tickets online or at the fabulous TMZ Tour center in Hollywood.
TMZ Celebrity Tour!
Its good to see you Sheila.
I know it is.
Sheila E.Wow LAX.
Love Sheila E.First thing she said that Princes Superbowls halftime show best ever.
It was the best.
You couldnt beat that.
Couldnt plan it any better.
It rained when he played Purple Rain.
Its the best Superbowl ever.
Most importantly she sent a little message to her number one fan.
Who?
Eric.
Hi Eric at work.
Sheila E. here.
I heard youre a Prince fan.
Are you a Sheila E.Fan?
Charlie He has all your records.
All right.
I do.
The next time I see you we get a big hug all right?
Love you.
I love her.
Oh my God Eric.
I say you know Erics not here right now.
We never know if this is actually gonna happen.
Ill take it on his behalf right now.
Oh yes.
Dont be jealous.
How can I like transfer this like hug?
Howd it feel?
Howd it feel?
Charlie is really good at transmitting things from one person to another.
Charlie Thank you Sheila.
Bye.
Im a lawyer.