
Music In seven days Music Welcome back in to Wake Up Washington.
The recordbreaking film Black Panther is the first superhero movie ever to be nominated for best picture.
It features a predominately Black cast and gives Black boys and girls a chance to imagine themselves as superheroes.
Well Black Panther is also an example of Afrofuturism.
The cultural movement has long been part of AfricanAmerican arts.
Alex Wagner explains its history and revival as we celebrate Black History Month.
I see these tweets at times where people are like I just wanna see Black mermaids and Black people in space.
I wanna see Black stories that arent about Black pain because the pain is constant.
Alex At just 25 years old NigerianAmerican writer Tomi Adeyemi is among the artists at the forefront of the resurgence of Afrofuturism.
Its just kind of like a utopia to imagine what if.
Like what if this story wasnt a story of having everything taken away and having so much like oppression and brutality and senseless murder and slavery like what if it could be something completely different?
Thats the foundation of the best seller Children of Blood and Bone a WestAfrican fantasy novel featuring a young Black female protagonist.
When did it occur to you that women of color men of color children of color could be fantasy characters?
I didnt realize until my senior year of high school that no characters look like me so all of my protagonists were White or they were biracial.
Then I realized its not just me who needs this its like its other people who look like me but its also people who dont look like me because the reason I didnt think I could be in a story was cause I didnt see it.
Alex Through her writing she also directly tackles racism and inequality.
Tomi I wanted to write a story that commented on the Black experience.
In some ways Afrofuturism is inherently kind of a revolutionary act.
Yeah.
Do you think of yourself as a revolutionary?
At this point I can think of myself as a part of the revolution.
Alex And so does Grammy Nominee Janelle Monae.
Music Oh me oh me oh me oh my Music On her new album Dirty Computer Monae explores Afrofuturism through music.
Afrofuturism is about Black people us seeing ourselves in the future.
Knowing that we are not the stereotypes that have been perpetuated on us.
Music I am not Americas nightmare Music Alex Monae believes this is the time for Afrocentric art.
Its a way for Black women like myself to tell our stories through our own lens because I think its important that were telling our stories because if we allow other people who are not us to tell our stories they may not be told properly.
Black Panther The revolution.
Alex Enter Black Panther.
With a Black superhero and a nearly all Black cast set in an Africaninspired utopia sometime in the futureWe are home.
Alex Panther popularized the idea of Afrofuturism but its roots run deep.
All the early abolitionists that we celebrate the Frederick Douglasss the Sojourner Truths were all Afrofuturists Harriet Tubman Sun Ra George Clinton.
Alex Cultural critic Greg Tate is considered one the leading scholars of this movement.
Anybody who had a vision of the Black peoples story and presence and imaging can be told and elevated.
On one hand we have a movie like Black Panther which is a lot of peoples entry point for Afrofuturism but you also have Black Lives Matter movement right?
Right.
Alex Do you see a connection between those two things?
Oh definitely I mean I dont think that Black Panther would have happened without the precedent of Black Lives Matter cause I think that anytime theres outrage and protest in the streets the cultural elites in America tend to open up resources and opportunity and space for you know for Black creatives.
Alex And the response suggests audiences will start to see even more Afrofuturist art.
Black Panther!
Yes!
Alex Black Panther snagged the top prize at the SAG Awards is nominated for seven OscarsYou get to decide.
And a sequel is underway.
Tomi Adeyemis book is being made into a major motion picture with two more books in the works.
Do you think arts and entertainment are changing?
I definitely think theyre changing.
Were finally getting people who want to share it with people and people who dont think that oh people arent gonna relate to this because its Black or theyre not gonna relate to this because its African its too different.
Theyre like no this is a great story with great characters so lets make it visible and when people find it theyll fall in love with it.
Gotta say Im pretty happy to see the direction that arts and entertainment is headed into now.
It just seems more inclusive and yes films like that you have little boys and little girls you know who say hey you know I see myself there.
And I can be anything I want I can be a superhero.
I can conquer whatever I want.
Im excited to see how Black Panther does at the Oscars.
Oh yeah tonight oh yeah I know its gonna sweep up a lot of the awards there.
Its gonna be the talk of the town tomorrow morning.
Yeah for sure.
Yeah.
All right talk of the town around here is your forecast its gonna be nice.
A little bumpy ride we got the showers moving out.
Its turning warmer today but it is windy.
So those gusty winds could bring down trees and power lines between today tonight and tomorrow morning.
Thats when well see winds gusting in the metro as high as 50 miles per hour higher than that out in the mountains.
Well see a pretty quiet week overall more showers at the end of the week but today its all about the wind and the warmth.
Thats right so take it easy out there.
Enjoy your Sunday.
That does it for Wake Up Washington.
CBS Sunday Morning is coming up next.
Have a great day!
WUSA Announcer Youve been watching WUSA 9 News with a weather forecast rated most accurate for the last seven years.
Verify Announcer Somehow somewhere along the line the world changed.
We lost something that seemed so simple something we always took for granted the ability to know whats real.
Great performance.
Verify Announcer Its harder then ever to separate fact from fiction so Verify is working harder than ever to change that.
Its time for the world to once again say I know.
Yes.
Verify Announcer Verify.
Look into it.
Honda Announcer Its the Honda Presidents Day sales event and its your chance to get a new Honda vehicle that can pack all of lifes best adventures.
Yep time to start checking off that bucket list.
Selfies over at Niagara Falls?
Check.
Gateway Arch?
Check.
Being awarded by kbb.com as 2018s best overall brand?
Check.
So pop into your Honda dealer today for great deals on some of our most popular vehicles at the Honda Presidents Day sales event.
Mattress Firm Announcer The Presidents Day Sale at Mattress Firm has been extended by popular demand.
That means its your last chance to take home a free adjustable base with your qualifying mattress purchase.
Up to a 699 value absolutely free.
See what customers like Brecken in Maryland are raving about.
Plus throughout the store save up to 500 on mattresses like a Serta memory foam queen mattress now only 397.
Hurry in these deals end Tuesday!
Your budget stretches further at Mattress Firm.
Announcer We may not all be in the same boat but out on the water were all on the same wavelength.
In the Florida Keys and Key West.
Heres your Buick Sir.
Actually thats my Buick.
Your Buick doesnt have a roof rack.
This is my Buick.
How are we gonna fit in your Moms Buick?
Easy.
I like that new Buick.
Me too.
I was actually talking about that Buick.
I knew that.
Did you?
Buick Announcer Buicks fresh new lineup is full of surprises.
Get great deals on our expectationshattering lineup.
Pay no interest for 72 months on most Buick models.