
Announcer A UK Channel a new season of Midsomer Murders then it was North Americas first school for secret agents Camp X followed by an all new Bletchley Circle.
British Television at its best.
Narrator The 80s.
A time of differing memories.
The 80s were the time of my life.
Youre just survivin in this state like complete nothingness.
Narrator Divergent music.
We just did anything and everything.
We were just crazy.
All right!
If you cant move to gogo you werent meant to move.
Come on!
Narrator Development.
Washington was emerging as the great cosmopolitan world capital.
Narrator Defending championships.
From Riggins good hold!
I went from being pretty smart to the next day a buffoon.
Narrator And death.
Wed have shootings but youd have overdose deaths.
I personally had a huge number of friends that I lost.
Narrator And a mayor who defined the city.
That little white powder is so powerful.
He was the sun around which we all orbited.
Narrator Join us as we travel back in time to Washington in the 80s.
Narrator Washington at the beginning of the 80s still rebuilding after the 68 riots.
I think the residents were feeling hopeful.
We had a new mayor.
I think there was a good feeling.
We were all just coming off of the Civil Rights era and so the community was building and coexisting.
Wed just had home rule for a few years and it just sounded like everything was gonna be great.
Of course it wasnt.
Narrator Washington D.C.was still a city divided.
One black city and one white city.
One city in poverty and one city doing well.
Narrator Middle class white flight meant the 172000 white residents who remained tended to be above average income and live in the citys leafier Northwest suburbs.
And where the white wards that were quoteunquote received anything they want and there was the other wards the forgotten wards that were out there hanging out.
Narrator AfricanAmericans who made up 70 of the citys residents tended to live and work in the poorer eastern quadrants of the city and close to downtown.
Music This town Music Music Its coming like a ghost town Music When you drove downtown with your parents who made sure the doors were locked.
You know everything was boarded up downtown was a lot of crime it was a scary place.
There was some hope that that would change but there was nothing yet that gave an indication that change was really coming.
Narrator The Federal Citys most prominent resident found himself in a similar state of stagnation.
It is a crisis of confidence.
Four hostages had been taken in Iran we had 21 interest rates 13 inflation.
Washington was as it is now a predominantly Democratic town so Washington wanted this President to succeed.
Narrator The rest of America did not feel the same.
NBC News now makes its projection Reagan is our projected winner.
Music Another one bites the dust Music Music Another one bites the dust Music Music And another one down Music Music And another one down Music I Ronald Reagan do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the office of PresiNarrator Two months later just as Republican Ronald Reagan took the Oath of Office Ayatollah Khomeini of Iran released all 52 hostages.
I am convinced they suspected that Ronald Reagan would give them 48 hours and if the hostages werent on the way home there would be military action.
Narrator Though Washingtonians were excited to welcome the hostages most didnt the feel the same about the new President.
Depressed would be a good way of describing the fact that Ronald Reagan was bringing with him a whole new political culture.
Man There were fur coats all over the place.
There was a perception that the California conservatives who came were a pretty rich crowd and not very much in touch with the average folks.
I think that the gay community at that time had an understandable amount of trepidation.
You know what was this President gonna be like?
I gave Reagan all the attention he deserved.
He was not the friend of the city.
Narrator Others were more welcoming.
From the election there were oneword difference between president and resident and he wanted to bridge the gap between resident and president and I believe that and I appreciate that because Im the mayor of the city and hes gonna be one of my constituents.
I think he knew more about how Washington functioned than a lot of other presidents.
He was the only president that Ive known who actually invited the local media to meet with him.
When Reagan came to town that arts beat and entertainment beat just exploded because Reagan brought all of his showbiz connections to town.
They had his first inauguration they had this huge event.
And Reagan set the tone for movies and show business in Washington.
Washington was emerging as the great cosmopolitan world capital it is today.
It was a great time in America and it was a great time for the Reaganauts.
Narrator Until March 30th 1981.
As Reagan was leaving the Washington Hilton John Hinckley Jr.fired six times.
Get up!
One shot hit press secretary James Brady critically wounding him.
Another ricocheted off the presidential limousine lodging in Reagans lung.
Reporter What are you gonna do when you get home?
Sit down.
laughing Narrator Within a month Reagan was back at work.
And the Washington Hilton had a nickname.
Meet me over there by the Hilton.
Oh the Hinckley Hilton.
The Hinckley Hilton.
I dont think Ive ever driven by that hotel without thinking about it.
Narrator Back at his desk the president worked with his administration to fulfill his campaign promise to cut spending.
Growing discontent with existing treatments prompted cuts in mental health services.
You began to see large numbers of panhandlers appearing on the streets of Washington.
Bein D.C.where the president reside he was thinkin we shouldnt have some places like this.
I walk the streets and I sleep on the goddamn streets.
Narrator Many district homeless were veterans damaged by their experiences in Vietnam fighting an unpopular war.
Music I want to know what love is Music Music I want you to show me Music Didnt even have to go.
I wanted to go.
Everything I put my heart into you come back and you got dumped now.
Music Now you can show me Music Narrator In 1980 Congress authorized construction of a Vietnam memorial on the Mall.
Following a nationwide competition the design for a sunken reflective black granite wall by Maya Lin a 21yearold college student was selected.
It was so simple and so direct that it was incredible.
Narrator But not everyone was happy with the design.
I said this doesnt look like something honoring these peoples service and there was a tremendous cultural artistic debate that went on in this town and a lot of people felt are they dishonoring the vets by doing this?
Narrator Eventually the design for the memorial was amended and three soldiers were added but on its opening in 1982 the strength of the original design became evident.
Im here to pay eulogy and homage to all of my comrades didnt make it back with me.
I think they wanted something more heroic but I think they got something that was even more profound.
I think what turned it around was not the black walls its the names on the walls.
And I will say it turned out from the way that things been received that I was wrong on that one.
Wrong big time.
And I love the American people for being here and just saying thank you because thats all we want is to hear that.
Narrator For more than a century the city had supported two nationally recognized daily newspapers the more progressive Washington Post and more conservative Washington Star.
But the recession and shrinking demand for evening dailies forced the Star into bankruptcy in 1981.
TV killed em.
People who watch the TV news go home they dont sit there and read their paper.
Click.
background chattering For about a year and a half we were a onepaper town and that was I felt a little dangerous.
Narrator But in a sign of the growing clout of conservative voices an upstart daily with an unwavering point of view hit the newsstands in 1982.
Reporter Its called The Washington Times and its owned by the publishing arm of the Reverend Moons Unification church.
I wasnt excited to see the moonie paper come around no.
Reverend Moon was a great Christian evangelist from Korea.
He obviously felt that it would be nice to have a good mouthpiece in Washington.
My column used to appear in The Washington Times on a regular you know twice a week and every conservative read it.
I mean it was something we had that wed never had before.
Narrator No one who worked the newsrooms of Washington of the 80s can forget January 13th 1982.
I had just come across the bridge in a blinding snowstorm and when I got 10 feet off the bridge we heard a crunch.
Narrator At 401 p.m. Air Florida Flight 90 crashed into the 14th Street bridge.
We get down there and we dont really have a method for dealing with that kind of mass casualty.
The radio systems didnt function like they should we didnt have any place to deal with the bodies.
Narrator Passerby Lenny Skutnik dove into the water to help save a drowning woman.
Reporter We have just learned that that woman fighting to survive in the icy Potomac was one of the stewardesses on board the plane her name Kelly Dunman.
He really symbolized I think for a lot of people here that people wanted to help and were willing to help each other.
Narrator 74 people on the plane and four on the bridge were killed.
One of my dearest friends was on that plane.
She was the mother of three young children.
I miss her to this day.
Narrator As word of the crash spread and the Washington Press corps descended on the scene it became clear that another tragedy had struck the region.
Reporters couldnt get there because the Metro train also had derailed.
Narrator 30 minutes after the plane crash an Orange Line train jumped the tracks in a tunnel near Federal Triangle.
Reporter Two women and a man whose names have not been released were killed.
That forced the region to think oh my goodness what do we do if?
So for some many of ourNarrator By 1982 Barrys first term as mayor was coming to a close.
For the first time since his election in 1978 voters were given the chance to judge his record.
He was elected by whites.
As he won essentially with the votes of people in wards one three two and six.
And this is just the beginning of what were going to do here.
Narrator But once in power Barry knew that tying his political future to the citys white residents was unsustainable.
He made an incredibly prudent political decision to switch his base to black through minority contracting programs and bringing black folks into key positions in the government.
I can remember him saying Listen.
Youre gonna be able to advance you got to get prepared for leadership and for somebody like me I got to be chief because of Barry.
Narrator Barry used the power of his position to encourage the creation and development of African American owned businesses.
Music We found the proper place Music And if youre gonna do business in D.C. one of the first questions theyd ask you do you have minority participation in this deal?
What came about was a philosophy that white business should partner up with qualified African American business people and once you get a black city council all of a sudden the white law firms start saying were gonna have black partners and some of the white businesses start saying we have to have black lobbyists.
Narrator The increased flow of money moving through the citys economy swelled the districts coffers giving Barry the income to spend on projects that benefited the citys poorer youth and build a base for the rest of his political career.
My most memorable program is the summer job program.
Over a hundred thousand young people went through our summer job program.
I was just at some event and the guy who was in charge of the people parking the cars came up to me he says I got my first job in the Marion Barry summer job program.
He said Now I help to run this company.
That was the bomb.
You go down 500 C Street and theres a long line of kids waitin in line to get their checks you know.
You would see them all downtown at The GoGo at night.
laughing So that was awesome yes indeed.
Narrator Recognizing that the districts aging were underserved Barry also invested heavily in services for the elderly.
And the flip side of that for Barry was in addition to that being a good thing was that he would take buses recreation buses and take them all down to vote.
Narrator In 1982 Barry was elected to a second term as mayor with 81 of the vote.
I want to thank all of you for reaffirming your faith in me.
It was clear that his success in the election had been largely through black folks and not from the white community.
He said get over it.
Narrator During his first term Barry had honored promises made to the gay community a core constituency that helped to elect him.
Man He understood that we were a political power.
Just his willingness to say I will have openly gay people in my administration.
Nobody did that at that time so that was huge.
Narrator Barrys actions helped to establish D.C.as one of the countrys most gayfriendly cities.
It affected most gay peoples social lives in that they became more open.
Woman It gave the community this enormous number of healthy happy ways of meeting people and so it made it a lot easier for people to come out.
Narrator By 1984 expansion of D.C.s annual gay pride day to a weeklong festival was complete cementing Washingtons status as home to one of the countrys largest and most vibrant gay communities.
Improvement in the citys fortunes also spread to the football field.
In 1981 team owner Jack Kent Cooke fired coach Jack Pardee and replaced him with San Diego offensive coordinator Joe Gibbs.
At first I said if Im not successful hey thats part of life but when I got there what I realized is just how many people depend on you.
Narrator The team began the season 05.
I thought I was gonna be first guy to ever coach in the NFL and never win a game tell Pat please sell the dog Id hate to come home and see that fella draped over the steps.
laughing Narrator But a third of the way through the 81 season wins replaced losses and the team finished 88.
They had a really unique squad.
Theismann was just really slick.
Hit.
Joe T.was probably one of the most passionate football players I mean that guy wanted to be successful.
Man Riggins was a bull.
I mean you had Joe Washington who was just this small speedy guy.
Art Monk anything you threw up he caught.
Their hearts were big and fat and they put a lot of meat against that line.
Crowd We want Grant!
We want Grant!
We want Grant!
Narrator After going 81 and first in the NFC East in the strikeshortened 1982 season they hosted the NFC championship game against their fiercest rival.
The excitement at RFK you heard outside the stadium just up in the neighborhood youd just hear that roaring crowd.
Narrator The home team was leading 2417 with less than seven minutes remaining.
Announcer Play action fake to Dorsett screen path batted in the air by Lanley.
Darryl Grants there picks it off.
Touchdown Washington Redskins.
Unbelievable!
Man The stadium was rocked.
It was thunderous.
Announcer I do not believe it!
Narrator With that win the team headed to Pasadena to play the Miami Dolphins in Superbowl XVII.
The game was close throughout.
It came down to the 4th quarter I think we were on the plus 41 yard line and it was 4th and one and I made a call to go for it.
Announcer There goes drowned out by music.
Their touchdown surprised them.
Hand to Riggins.
Hes got a good hold hes got the first down for 40.
Hes gone!
The 35 the 30 the 20 hes gone!
Hes gone!
Touchdown Washington Redskins.
Holy cow was that a play or what!
Narrator The final score 2717 Washington.
Redskins are number one!
Everybody poured into the streets of M Street in Georgetown.
It was euphoric.
The citys team finally brought home the bacon.
Music Pump pump pump pump me up Music Narrator Football wasnt the only thing making fans at RFK cheer.
The Back To School Boogie the battle of the bands youd get an opportunity to see all these gogo bands perform inside of a huge stadium.
Music Come out here with family Music And I used to always say if you cant move to gogo you werent meant to move.
I remember first time hearing Trouble Funk theres a song Pump Me Up.
Music Pump pump pump pump me up Music Music Like the man with the super S Music And Henry Rollins he was my best friend we heard it on the radio and we just pulled the car over to listen to the song.
Music From the East to West Music Narrator In addition to Chuck Brown and Trouble Funk bands such as Rare Essence and E.U.
created a music and culture proud of its D.C.roots.
Look what I brought to yall all right?
Gogo was a product of a time when D.C.public schools had more music programs.
Kids couldnt afford to buy instruments and so the kids would check out their instruments and theyd go home to practice all right but with the local gogo band.
Narrator Live recordings better known as PA tapes became a form of currency for gogo fans.
We used to go to the gogos with our big boom boxes and stand in front of the speakers.
It was and still is a big thing to get your name called out especially if your name is always heard on the PA tapes you know.
Woo that was a big feeling and so you wanted that PA tape from this date.
Narrator The Citys insatiable appetite for live gogo led to performances springing up all over town.
Everybody represented where they came from.
Junk Yard from Barry Farm Pat Worth named himself after the area.
My first ever experience playing live with a gogo band was in my friends backyard and people would crowd around and listen to us.
Narrator A compulsion to play live music that lead to an unlikely sharing of stages.
A lot of the regular clubs like The Bayou and Desperados only booked big rock bands or bignamed people so we would play anywhere and it would end up that we would play together.
Should I Stay or Should I Go by The Clash Narrator One of these crossover venues was at 930 F Street Northwest.
Their slogan was a place and a time.
Narrator When original owners Dody DiSanto and Jon Bowers opened The 930 Club in 1980 their choice of location in the heart of downtown was unconventional.
Man When the 930 was there there were peep shows and you know liquor stores and strip joints.
People couldnt afford to buy expensive real estate so they had to do it in the bad parts of town.
Narrator The tiny oddshaped space was an acquired taste.
There was really not much room for the audience.
It was like you were in a lobby.
We would have bands show up who were appalled and askMusic Should I stay or should I go Music So wheres the club?
And some bands walked out.
DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince Will Smith walked out two soldout shows.
Course when the band did go on you were right in front of them.
There was no closer experience to see a show than the old 930 club.
Narrator A unique venue that became a favorite of the local hardcore punk scene defined by its inclusion of anyone who didnt feel they belonged.
If you grew up in this town I think you feel really marginalized from one reason or another.
Narrator D.C.punk gave birth to bands like Government Issue State of Alert and Minor Threat with Ian MacKaye on lead vocals.
We identify as Washington D.C.
It was a chip on our shoulder.
Narrator The region also produced the groundbreaking Bad Brains.
Bad Brains were four guys from Anacostia in PG County and they were just an incredible band.
Yeah!
Music Theyre playing basketball Music Music We love that basket Music Narrator The early 80s saw an explosion of the popularity of Georgetown University basketball.
Music Playing basketball Music I can remember when Georgetown was just a type of ivy league Jesuit school but then John Thompson came and turned it around and everyone was Hoyas Hoyas Hoyas.
Music Playing basketball Music Narrator The teams tough defenseminded style helped to attract a strong loyal following.
A predominantly black basketball team at a really good university that inspired a lot of us.
We hung out in Georgetown we wore Georgetown University sweatshirts.
It was like a party to me.
It was the place to be I mean.
laughing The energy was all over the place.
Narrator In March of 1982 the Hoyas led by center Patrick Ewing advanced to the NCAA championship game.
With less than 10 seconds left they had a chance to take the winning shot.
Announcer Fred Brown with the ball oh throws it to the wrong guy.
Man I had to turn the TV off.
I couldnt stand to watch anymore.
Narrator Two seasons later the team went 343 winning the big east championship.
Music Theyre playing basketball Music Narrator They advanced through the NCAA regional the final four to the championship game against Houston.
Music Basketball Music Michael Graham just goes up and tomahawk dunks it and he looks at Pat and he just points at him just to let him know okay we got this.
Announcer Georgetown wins the title and Fred Brown gets the hug.
Music To the to the hoop Music Narrator The Hoyas were welcomed back to Washington as champions and Coach Thompson as a hero.
And I think all of us feel a great pride in what youve accomplished.
Narrator As President Reagan campaigned for reelection in 1984 Mitch Snyder the leader of homeless advocacy group Community For Creative NonViolence or CCNV staged a hunger strike to demand the administration renovate a shelter in an abandoned federal building.
The administrations saying in everybodys name including ours that it has no responsibility to people who are the poorest of the poor.
My sisterinlaw for a very brief time was in HUD dealing with the homeless and she wanted to go and interview Mitch Snyder and essentially the administration said dont do it and dont do anything.
Music Needs to be loved just like everybody else does Music Narrator 51 days into his protest Snyder got his wish.
I think we capitulated to some degree.
Truth be told Reagans a sensitive I mean something like that would affect him.
Narrator Two days later President Ronald Reagan was reelected.
You aint seen nothin yet.
I had several friends that seemed to have this continual flu bug and then it became pneumonia and then they just died.
Narrator As Reagan began his second term a lack of action towards those suffering and dying from HIV infection persisted.
Reporter White House officials confirm that the president has never talked with his surgeon general about AIDS.
Narrator Those in the district turned to The Washington Blade for information.
The community desperately needed information about the disease.
Narrator On April 4th 1983 the WhitmanWalker Clinic held D.C.s first public forum on the epidemic.
Whitman Walker was one of the founding fathers of AIDS information.
But they also helped house people they helped to feed people.
They had to actually step in and become involved in the link between the doctors and the hospitals and the patients because a lot of people were being turned away from hospitals.
Music Can you tell me why Music Music Can you tell me why Music Narrator But the deaths of two public figures with ties to Washington forced the country and the president to act.
Rock Hudson was familiar with the president himself and an individual who had one particular very influential friend in Washington.
Elizabeth Taylor.
Not only was she an icon of the movies she was also married to a US senator from Virginia John Warner.
And so minds were changed and the perception began to shift.
That science will continue to find the critical answers.
Jerry Smith my favorite tight end for the Washington Redskins then he was stricken with AIDS it became apparent that this HeMan was gay.
Darian Ronald Reagans opinion definitely changed because these were your friends dying.
Same thing happened to me.
Crowd Gay rights now!
Gay rights now!
Narrator A year after Jerry Smiths passing an estimated half million people descended on Washington with a second march for gay and lesbian rights.
Music Every bond you break Music Music Every step you take Ill be watching you Music Narrator The highlight a massive memorial quilt covering the Mall with the names of the thousands of Americans who had died of AIDS.
Music Ill be watching you Music America is a quilt made up of many patches many pieces many textures where everybody fits.
Everyone who was there just looked at each other and either cried or smiled or a combination of the two.
Music Ill be watching you Music Music Every move you make Music Music Every vow you break Music Music Every smile you fake Music Narrator By 1987 the decades early promise was beginning to fade.
Music Were on a road to nowhere Music Music Come on inside Music Narrator Attempts to give the district congressional representation and statehood had gone nowhere.
Many started to ask if Barrys management of the city was part of the problem.
Marion Barry was already starting to have some budget problems running some deficits but he didnt cut his crony contracts he didnt cut waste fraud and abuse what he cut was 1500 police officers.
Narrator Mayor Barrys lifestyle also raised questions.
Reporter Karen Johnson just told authorities that she sold the mayor cocaine 20 to 30 times from late 1980 to 1982.
Man He was notorious for staying out late with women who were not his wife.
This is when he would use the security detail to procure women for him.
Marion Barry tonight angrily denied that he has been hospitalized after overdosing on cocaine.
Marion Barry became too comfortable with power.
After winning over the overwhelming majority of the African American population he felt he could no longer be removed.
He was powerful he could make a lot of things happen in your ward.
Hey do you want that new fire station?
Do you want the library?
Narrator Growing discontent that led Barry to have real competition in the 86 mayoral election.
In Washington D.C. where the voter registration was 10 to one Democrats to Republicans I got a third of the vote.
Narrator Though Schwartzs tally exceeded everyones expectations Barrys base delivered him a third term with 61 of the vote.
Washington Post endorsed him three straight times I think with growing reluctance or something like that the third time.
Narrator But the electorate and opinion pages cooling on Barry did nothing to slow his larger than life persona.
When people elected me they didnt elect me pope.
They elected me mayor.
Id go out at night at nine oclock or ten oclock what did that have to do with anything?
Music And the beat goes on Music Because of his short attention span and he could compartmentalize he would go out at night with the famous Im a night owl as if that would wash things away.
Narrator The city paper dubbed him Mayor For Life.
When youre for the people the people know it.
Hes the only one I seen that stood there for us.
Narrator If he hadnt been mayor Barrys nightlife would not have been surprising as D.C.s bar and club scene reached a peak in the mid80s.
There was this club called The Foxtrappe and it was the place to go for the buppies.
That was the quintessential place where highincome sophisticated people go.
You dress up to go there you dressed up your behavior too and your manners chuckling in most cases.
Narrator Because the Foxtrappe wasnt just a nightclub it was a D.C.institution where members of the black congressional caucus rubbed shoulders with African American business leaders and celebrities.
Music Tam bo li de say de moi ya Music Music Yeah Jambo Jambo Music Music Way to party oh we goin Music Music Oh jambali Music There was always an interesting event going on.
A lot of them were fundraisers.
A lot of them were what we would call networking events and it was very important for young black professionals to feel a sense of solidarity and to share their experiences.
It was a great way to socialize and also to meet new people.
It was nice but you know it was an important step in the process.
Narrator D.C.super discos were also experiencing unparalleled popularity.
The Pier the Lost and Found the Other Side it was a blast a freakin hoot.
Insane.
Redskins came in their Redskins jerseys.
Youd run into extremely famous people and they all merged together.
Music Oh jamabli Music Narrator A vibrant party scene that became synonymous with the 80s recreational drug of choice.
Everyone did cocaine.
It was everywhere and it was considered to be like a cocktail.
You had a glass of gin you had a line of coke.
Narrator But as participation was reliant on a certain lifestyle it was something many average Americans never experienced.
It was a subculture that I knew absolutely nothing about and it was brought to the forefront.
Narrator In 1984 sophomore Len Bias from Prince Georges County led the University of Maryland to the Atlantic Coast Conference title bringing national attention to the team.
Len Biass senior season was highlighted by a win over the topranked Tar Heels.
Announcer Maryland has knocked off North Carolina in one of the biggest upsets this year and there is one happy Len Bias.
You couldnt stop him.
He had the athleticism he had the defense he can rebound.
Narrator Skills that made him the second overall pick in the 1986 NBA draft.
We were just so happy and it was just a wonderful wonderful time.
He comes back to Maryland and Im not at home and I never see him again.
Music Tell all your friends they can go my way Music Music Pay your toll sell your soul Music Investigators this morning are trying to determine exactly what caused the death Thursday of former University of Maryland basketball star Len Bias.
Narrator The autopsy showed that Bias had died from a cocaine overdose.
Like I said there was a subculture that I knew nothing about until my son died and then boom you find out this is real life.
I love you Leonard and Ill miss you.
Ill see you in heaven one day.
Narrator As cocaine use was peaking in the Washington region a new more potent smuggleable form of the drug began to appear.
The first time that we made a seizure of crack was up in Northwest and from then on it was on.
Music Ah yeah Music It seemed like suddenly one day we woke up and we were in the middle of a crack cocaine epidemic and this time it was the crews of kids who had grown up with my own kids who were on the corner selling crack cocaine battling over turf.
Music France a skinny man died of a Music One minute it felt like we were putting quarters into the Space Invaders machine to being a drug dealer.
You had to survive so you join a gang just to avoid being suppressed by a gang.
Narrator While young African American men both profited and died during the crack epidemic some of its most tragic victims were young women.
And I was much younger which I fancied myself a photographer and I had taken photos of young women in my neighborhood when they were seven eight years old the light in their eyes the smiles of their faces and to see those same young women prostituting herself on a corner in her own neighborhood where everybody knew her to buy crack cocaine.
Narrator Through it all the city and police departments seemed powerless.
The Clean Sweep operation was designed to attack the crowds that were gathering to buy and sell drugs and we just arrested people in the hundreds.
Music Rocket ship explodes Music Music And everybody still wants to fly Music I was one of the ones that they grabbed and threw down and they didnt take me straight to the precinct.
They had to take me to D.C.General Hospital first because I was beaten up pretty badly.
There wasnt any study to say does this make sense?
Is there any longterm impact?
The courts were saying we cant process 700 people.
Wed come in make the arrest in two weeks theyre back and theyre doing the same thing.
Officer I got his chin.
It aint mine.
Music Time Music Narrator While the headlines were dominated by bad news the popularity and profitability of local TV and radio made it an exciting time for the business.
Announcer With Paul Berry.
It was the grand age of competition between local television stations and local radio stations.
You could experiment people were a little less safe.
Narrator Earlier in the decade iconic radio station D.C.101 pushed the experimental envelope to its limits hiring a young DJ named Howard Stern to host its morning show.
Everybody would come in that day and say did you hear what Howard Stern did or said this morning?
Does she douche withOne time when his wife had a miscarriage he did an entire show on it.
If somebody doesnt want to listen to my radio program they should turn the dial and listen to some other jerk.
Narrator While Howard Stern was the most shocking DJ in town Donnie Simpson was undisputed favorite.
Every radio station wanted to figure out a way to attract young whites and young blacks and Donnie started mixing those two kinds of music that Donnie would say Im playing a fudge ripple.
Music We all know Music Music That people are the same wherever you go Music Donnie had the smile he had the laugh he had the bubbly eyes.
Man Great man thanks.
Narrator Good looks and a personality made for a new national TV network.
Today on video soul.
When we put Donnie on BET as the host of Video SoulIm Donnie Simpson can you join me tonight for Video Soul?
Thats tonight Video Soul 900 p.m.Eastern Time right here on BET.
He became instantly overnight a celebrity and BET began to be defined by Donnie Simpson and Video Soul.
Well be back we got a second hourIt was national and it so it allowed us to broaden our scope on who we were as a culture.
Narrator While cable TV was in its infancy Washingtons local affiliates were at their height.
Hey you want depth?
Watch channel 26.
laughing This is channel 4 we have fun here.
Music So good to turn to Music Announcer Channel 5 Washingtons most watched station.
Broadcaster From WJLA TV WashingtonsNarrator As ratings for local news created advertising dollars battle between sports departments became particularly fierce.
It turned into a golden time of competition between channel 9 and channel 4.
George Michael had an open checkbook George could cover anything he wanted.
Glenn Brenner on the other hand was probably the most talented creative hilarious character who ever worked in television news.
How are you doing I mean whats the chalk?
You got an over largeWeenie?
Weenie on the street sir.
My weenies too big?
George and Glenn hated each other.
They would go to the Superbowl get the room number that the other guy was in and then walk into the bar and say hey drinks on the house!
Narrator Most residents also remember a favorite news station.
My favorite was Channel 4.
Jim Vance was just cool.
Hes just a smooth cat.
He had a way of telling his stories without giving up the cool.
Channel 9 was held in a high regard as the number one news station to a lot of people because they covered the news stories without opinions raised in them.
Starting with his third term there seemed to be a deterioration in the attention that Marion Barry paid to the city.
Narrator In January 1987 the city was shut down by a massive snowstorm.
Darian Everything stopped.
I had actually hosted a large party the night before and we came stumbling out the door into six feet of snow.
Narrator The day before Barry left town to attend the Superbowl in California.
Its no good the guy he dont clean the street.
Narrator While the mayor was in California the region was hit with a bigger blizzard but Barry stuck to his plans reportedly partying so hard he was taken to the hospital.
Barry returned to D.C.the next day.
Its unfortunate that so much snow fell which we certainly arent responsible for.
Narrator Barrys lack of attention was especially problematic as crackrelated violence threatened to overrun the city.
The strange thing about it he never would tell you to do anything except lock up the drug dealers.
Outside of the killings one of the lowest crime rates in the country.
Narrator At the same time the districts youth were dragged into the epidemic the city cut funding for recreational services leaving gogos one of the few places to meet and gather.
One element of gogo is call and response.
Its very easy for a lead talker to ask a crowd is Southeast better than Northeast and so theres this automatic tribalism.
A few gogo bands would sort of advertise PCP.
Tell me now what yall smoke?
And the people would respond Love Boat.
And you get a whole bunch of kids together just to dance and all that and somebody pulls out a gun.
Narrator Gogos rise to national prominence stalled as the music became identified with violence.
It was part of society.
Unfortunately knuckleheads like music too.
Music Im feeling like a bum now Music Narrator Under the name The Go Go Posse a number of local bands recorded a single promoting an end to the violence called D.C.Dont Stand for Dodge City.
Music Like the wild wild west and its calamity Music Music But D.C.dont mean Dodge City Music Music D.C.dont mean Dodge City Music Didnt change my life because gogo music oftentimes it would glorify all of the things that this particular song was speaking against.
Narrator As the death toll mounted the city gained a dubious title.
Washington is now called the murder capital of the country.
My kids were in high school at the time and they had on their wall a list of the people who they knew either from their neighborhood or their school who had died.
Before they graduated from Dunbar High School that list had grown to 25 people.
Narrator While crack created squalor in previously vibrant residential neighborhoods the citys commercial areas were enjoying a relative boom.
Downtown was dead.
And Barry said we gotta do something about this.
Developers went to him and said we want this we want that and gave them the land virtually free and these projects were built.
And we persuaded the banks and others to lend money to these developers.
Narrator After some politicking the Georgetown Waterfront was one of the first vistas to see results.
Marion Barry recognized that Washington Harbor could be an enormous boom to the city and so he was very instrumental.
Narrator The success of projects in Georgetown and downtown gave Barry the confidence to try to redevelop less likely locations including ground zero of the 68 riots.
If you told someone you were going to 14 they knew you were going to buy drugs period.
Narrator The Frank D.Reeves Municipal Center named after the lawyer and local civil rights leader opened in 1986.
People who were going to work in those offices every day would need services and even though at the time it seemed fairly farfetched there was a certain sense that it would restore an element of validity to a once flourishing neighborhood.
Narrator Several longclosed icons of the past were also resurrected.
The Old Post Office a Romanesque Revival structure dating to 1899 had been on the verge of the wrecking ball for years.
Arthur Sir David Wills who was heir to the tobacco fortune in England cast a replica of the Westminster bells as a bicentennial gift to the United States.
He had this idea that they should hang in the dome of the Capitol.
Narrator But the Capitol wasnt built for that purpose.
One bong of these great bells and the Capitol dome would be sitting down over the Mall.
The congress was so concerned about it that they appropriated a new amount of money and that was what finally saved the entire building.
All this was done with partnerships and I think the results have been amazing.
Narrator Saving Union Station a neglected BeauxArts masterpiece that had become the citys unofficial homeless shelter became the responsibility of a public private partnership.
I thought it was very successful.
They were very careful in preserving great spaces.
Narrator D.C.s downtown areas received an additional boost as a slew of local theaters opened their doors.
These little companies started springing up because downtown was so empty that they could get space cheap.
The Wooly Mammoth and the Studio theaters opened on 14th Street 14th Street sort of became the center of alternative theater.
Narrator But at first residents werent convinced.
I would go over there to watch some of their shows.
10 15 20 people in the audience plus the actors.
Narrator But in time peoples reluctance to come downtown eased and Washington began its rise to Americas second city of theater.
Washington was like that.
I mean it had certain kinds of cultural niches if you will.
Im a Washingtonian and the first theater I ever saw was from the top balcony of the National.
Narrator As Washingtons theater scene gained countrywide attention it established an award named in honor of one of the citys most acclaimed daughters to recognize local theatrical excellence.
The great Washington Post critic Richard Coe called on his friendship with Helen Hayes and together they created the Helen Hayes Awards and once the Helen Hayes Awards started more companies started popping up.
By the end of the decade Washington was on the same playing field as Chicago.
Narrator The regions growing interest in the arts was exploited by Washingtons TV affiliates still hungry for novel programming.
The critics reallydrowned out by orchestral music The king of the critics in Washington D.C.was Davey MarlinJones.
Davey was one of the most interesting people I had ever met.
There may be something there.
Davey wore hats.
He also pushed the envelope with his clothes he pushed his envelope in every way.
Tight.
Taut.
Tense.
Davey owned this town.
Inside the theater called life.
Narrator A popular format that encouraged imitation.
Every station in town had a critic and it was because we were all trying to compete with Davey.
It was one of the great gags of local television.
When he finished his report you didnt know if he liked the movie or not.
chuckling Hope you find one cinematic sparkler among them.
Davey MarlinJones.
I tried to make myself different from Davey so I used a ratings system.
On my scale of one to four stars Raiders of the Lost Ark gets a five.
So at least when I was finished you would know what I thought of the movie or not.
Narrator In 1986 Washingtons football team picked up journeyman quarterback Doug Williams to back up its young phenom Jay Schroeder.
During the following season William shared quarterback duties with the oftinjured Schroeder.
But once the team made it to the playoffs Williams performance put an end to any controversy.
We had to go to Chicago playing 13 below temperatures.
We won.
The championship game against the Minnesota Vikings I came off the bench and we won the game and at coachs press conference he mentioned that I was gonna be the starting quarterback me being the first African American to play in the Superbowl.
I really cherished that time and for two weeks leading up to that game it was pretty much crazy.
Narrator The game started out badly.
Announcer Touchdown Denver 56The score was 10 to nothing against the Redskins in the first quarter.
Narrator And then it got worse.
I hyperextended my knee didnt know it at that particular time whether or not I was gonna be able to finish the football game.
I was gonna substitute for him he said hey get back out I want this its is my team.
Touchdown!
Narrator In a historic reversal of fortune the team scored five touchdowns in the second quarter.
Announcer Touchdown!
Washington takes the lead!
Everything we called worked.
Announcer Hes got Sanders in the clear at the ten.
Touchdown!
Touchdown Washington Redskins.
And a new Superbowl record.
I remember him holding that helmet up laughing when he scored 35 points in the second quarter.
One of the greatest quarter of a game in Superbowl history.
Announcer Doug Williams the MVP of Superbowl XXII.
Narrator Williams was the first black quarterback to start or win a Superbowl and was crowned the games most valuable player.
It was one of those times that I raised my hat and thinking to myself you know Id really like to tell some people where to go but it wasnt in my nature to do it.
Narrator As the 80s drew to a close Barrys lifestyle continued to make headlines.
At no time did I see any drugs use any drugs or have any knowledge of any drugs.
That little white powder is so powerful it causes you to do things you never thought you would do.
Narrator The FBI uncovered more allegations of drug use and rampant corruption among Barrys staff and that included deputy mayor Ivanhoe Donaldson.
I have been tried convicted sentenced and doing time by some members of the media.
Woman I think Marion was very good about playing the victim.
Somebody set him up laughs somebody was picking on him.
He didnt have the discipline to stick to virtually anything.
Ive heard more from Barry about how hes gonna behave better than I have from my own son.
Narrator Despite it all Barry retained a grip on power kept afloat by his populist appeal.
I think that some black folks in the city really thought that people were going after Marion because he was black and I dont think that was necessarily the case.
Im a very controversial person because I speak out.
But on the other hand Im loved by a lot of people.
In fact people say dang Barry youre the best mayor we ever had.
Theyre telling the truth too.
laughing Narrator Marion Barry dominated Washington in the 80s.
He was the sun around which we all orbited.
The good things the bad things.
Narrator But even though the city and the mayors early promise were now lost among dysfunction and decay residents departed the 80s with good memories and optimism for the future.
You could do 60 miles an hour up Mass Avenue and nobody would blink an eye over it.
My kids who grew up in the middle of that look back fondly on their younger days.
Ill never forget when they graduated they said we know the best part of our lives are probably behind us right now.
Music Ooh shake it Music Dangers exciting.
There was lots of opportunity for art to spring up like little flowers in the garden and it was a wonderful combination.
Music Keep on movin Music Music Dont stop like the hands of time Music Music Click clock Music Music Find your own way to stay Music Music The time will come one day Music Music Why do people Music Music Choose to live their lives Music Man She did what?
Music This way Music Music Keep on movin dont stop no Music Music Keep on movin Music Music Oh Music Narrator Discover more about Washington in the 80s at weta.org.
Announcer The mysteries of Egypts Great Pyramid.
We need to know about the people who built them.
Where is their settlement?
Announcer Now stunning discoveriesTheres a void right through this wall.
Announcer Are Decoding the Great Pyramid on Nova.
Woman Tonight at nine on TV 26.
Franco had an idea of the authentic Spain.
All of these things were challenged by the left.
Franco believed that he should eliminate the left and their ideology.
Franco never lost a minutes sleep over the crimes that were committed in his name.
Announcer Tonight at 10 on TV 26.
Narrator Only about 250 of them were made.
Is this rare vase worth a fortune?
See whats in store this week on a new season of Antiques Roadshow.
Announcer Tonight theyre the wilds most ruthless predators.
Examine their fight to survive in the Arctic North with Nature at eight then see how the Egyptians built the Great Pyramids with NOVA and examine the life of Francisco Franco The Dictators Playbook tonight.
And our WETA UK channel a new season of Midsomer Murders then it was North Americas first school for secret agents Camp X followed by an all new Bletchley Circle.
British television at its best.
Narrator Celebrate Black History Month with WETA TV 26 next.