
Instances removed and they dont have that privilege anymore theyre extremely upset.
They have to rely on friends and neighbors and family.
Families for rides.
But I would say as sheriff my number one priority is keeping the road safe.
Berkeley I wanted to know how many reports are filed every year?
How many drivers lose their license and why does one person get a road test like Rosalee and another driver doesnt?
The State DMV would not answer those specific questions but wrote in an email quote The thorough review process allows a driver to demonstrate their fitness to drive and helps the DMV ensure safety on New Yorks roadways for all who use them which is our top priority.
How has this impacted your life?
I need to be independent.
And Ive always been independent.
What can I say?
Berkeley Brean News 10 NBC.
More plans were announced today for Skyview on the Ridge the redevelopment of the former Irondequoit Mall.
St.Anns community will expand their adult day care health service there in 2020.
They provide care for older adults and people with disabilities.
St.Anns says there is a growing need for adult day health care services in our community.
And the new location will double the number of people that can be served.
Reporter Now your First Alert forecast with meteorologist Robert Speta featuring Rochesters only live local radar First Alert Doppler 10 powered by AP Plumbing.
A rather nice evening out here in Rochester.
This is overlooking the Genesee River there in Charlotte.
Were still looking at nice weather through the rest of the week.
It will start to warm up by the end of the week and even become a little bit more muggy with rain returning by Sunday night into Monday.
But heres the key thing over the next few days there is nothing severe in the forecast and even into the weekend as well.
I got green across the board here on that News 10 NBC threat tracker.
But right now any rain we had earlier on today its been pushed towards the south thanks to the lake breeze keeping things pretty clear through tonight.
60 degrees for our low its gonna be a pleasant night in the forecast.
Heading through tomorrow were gonna be looking at those temperatures warming up to about 78 to 82 degrees with mostly sunny skies by 500 p.m.By the way that is Remo or Rehmo I hope Im saying it right Im gonna say both of em.
He a nice dog hes ready to go for a ride there on the dog walking forecast.
Always do remember these images are sent in by that WHEC weather app.
All right lets take a look at those temperatures across the board for the high tomorrow.
A little bit cooler near the lake shore we got 79 in Irondequoit 74 only in Sodus.
Meanwhile in the Canandaigua could be upwards of about 80 degrees for your high.
You got the Ontario County Fair going on there.
80 in Geneva and Dansville about 77 for your high.
You have that chance of an isolated shower by the afternoon down into the Finger Lakes as well.
Be very very local because this high area of high pressure is finally gonna drift towards the East and really just dominate starting on Thursday and Friday and also into Saturday.
And the more it dominates the less likely we have of scattered showers out there.
So Thursday there is a small chance.
But then eventually by Friday into Saturday this just comes on overhead.
I know this is picking up on rain but I dont have it on the forecast.
I think this is gonna be suppressing it too much but eventually this front is gonna work its way in by Sunday night into Monday.
The high is gonna move out of the way and that influence from it is gonna be going to the wayside and of course that means increase in rainfall as we go ahead into the early part of next week.
Especially Tuesday.
Tuesday is looking like a messy one.
83 maybe even with a chance for thunderstorm with that.
And Wednesday were also looking at some rainfall as well.
But before that happens boy oh boy this week this weeks looking brilliant.
I mean Thursday Friday and Saturday all of the sunshine.
I think the only thing I could say that you need to worry about is the UV index.
You definitely wanna be aware of that get that sunblock ready to go as the sun just comes out.
Always Yeah yeah especially this time of year.
Yeah right.
All right Robert thank you.
Well its a sign that football season is almost here.
What you need to know about the Buffalo Bills training camp if you plan on going.
Plus which local county is opting out of making you pay a tax for paper bags at the grocery store.
But first heres a look at what were working on from News 10 NBC at 11.
The Rochester area is experiencing a craft beer boom.
So where do our brewers get their ingredients?
Turns out a local hop farm is a major supplier.
In our small business spotlight we take you to Cobblestone Hop Yard.
Thats tonight at 11.