
Lesli Its nearly at our doorstep.
Topper whats the latest?
Were just hours from snow breaking out across the metro area in fact were about 12 hours from snow in the metro.
So lets go over the snow fall totals again these are little bit lower than we showed you yesterday doesnt mean the roads will be any better.
Three to five inches Leesburg Gaithersburg Frederick Martinsburg and points north and west.
And yes you could exceed that three to five inch mark.
One to three in the immediate metro area DC Rockville Bethesda Fairfax Bowie and even down into Waldorf.
And in extreme southern Maryland were just talkin about a trace to one.
That hasnt changed that much you just dont have the cold air in place long enough to sustain that much snow.
Or that much sleet for that matter.
So what about the models?
Have they come into my way of thinking?
For the most part they have still four and a half for the RPM.
All the rest of the models are under three inches so I think theyve finally got a handle on just how much sleet is gonna fall with the snow.
So once again moderate to heavy snow 600 am to noon.
Roads will be dangerous period.
It will accumulate very quickly and once it starts it will pick up intensity very quickly.
Snow will turn to a mix north and west in the afternoon.
It will turn to rain DC south and east in the afternoon.
Some of that rain can be heavy overnight everybody goes to rain overnight and then morning showers on Thursday and then we are in the 50s.
No shortage of moisture.
This is a tremendous storm stretching already from Cape Hatteras back to Kansas city.
Even all the way back to Iowa.
So heres the timing.
500 am snow on our doorstep but snowed already a couple hours in Culpeper snowing already in Manassas.
By 700 snowin across the metro area even in Prince Georges county up into Baltimore.
By 1000 we still have snow beginning to mix down into the south.
I think this miles little slow in eroding the cold air.
Still has snow by 100 I think were gonna go probably to a mix in DC by noon with the snow hanging on north up toward Frederick and I70.
Then by 400 just rain in the DC area but still hanging onto some ice north and west.
Well come back well talk about the potential for an ice storm north or west of town when the snow transitions from snow to freezing rain.
Thanks Topper.
Preparations underway all across the DMV for the winter storm.
Late tonight salt and plow trucks will be standing by at the ready.
Peggy Fox she joins us from VDOTs massive operation.
Peggy Dont let these blooming pansies or daffodils pushing up fool you.
Late February snow storms can pack a punch with huge snowfalls.
Are you ready for the snow?
No.
Peggy Ready or not its coming.
Hardware stores have stocked up on shovels and sleds.
Whole new bunch ready to rock and roll.
And in Virginia VDOT has already started treating roads.
You see those streaks on the road?
Theyre from brine put down overnight.
This was one of VDOTs 18 facilities across northern Virginia.
It looks empty now but come midnight its gonna be rockin.
A continuous line of plow trucks will fill up from the salt dome to treat major roads.
Sand will then be used in neighborhoods.
VDOTs Ellen Kamilakis says theyll have 3000 trucks covering 14000 miles of roads.
Most of our fleet is a contract fleet.
So these trucks are either landscaping trucks theyre construction trucks by day.
When they go from Clark Kent to being Superman and they become our plow trucks at night.
Peggy Each truck needs a spreader.
The spreader goes in and is attached in there and then they get a load of salt and they drive off and as they drive and the unit spins in the back it spreads salt evenly on the road.
Now of course the trucks dont plow right away.
They wait for a signal.
As soon as snow gets two inches high VDOT puts out the call plows down and then things get exciting.
What were asking for this is for people to stay off the roads on Wednesday.
With the amount of snow that were gonna be getting and with the rate in which its gonna be falling were concerned with that especially during rush hour.
Peggy Stay home if you can.
In Fairfax County Peggy Fox WUSA9.
Bruce And a reminder because of the wintery weather were expecting the Wake Up Washington team will be on early 400 in the morning were talking with the latest on conditions and closings because of the storm.
Im Bernie Sanders.
Im running for President.
Lesli Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders made it official today.
Hes joining a crowded field competing for the democratic nomination for President.
Sanders is the 10th candidate who wants to challenge President Trump in the 2020 election.
In an interview with CBS This Mornings John Dickerson the 77 year old progressive says hes okay if people call him a radical.
I believe that people are inherently entitled to healthcare.
I believe people are entitled to get the best education they can.
Lesli The Trump administration reacted to the announcement by Sanders saying The American people will reject an agenda of sky high taxes government run health care and coddling dictators like those in Venezuela.
Sanders says he does not want the US to become Venezuela and hopes Americans do not believe too much of what the President has to say.
Legal challenges are now mounting to President Trump and his declaration of a national emergency to fully fund that border wall.
Natalie Brand breaks down the legal arguments against the Presidents move.
Natalie President Trump is defending his national emergency declaration to build a southern border wall.
I have an absolute right to call national security we need strong borders.
We have to stop drugs and crime and criminals.
Natalie But Professor Louis Michael Seidman of Georgetown University says the statistics may not be in the Presidents favor as his declaration faces multiple legal challenges.
Border crossings are way down from where they were several years ago.
Most of the drugs that the President worries about come through ports of entry.
16 states including California are suing President Trump.
Arguing that he does not have the constitutional authority to declare the emergency.
A separate lawsuit from some members of Congress could also be coming on those same grounds.
Congress has pretty much expressly decided not to spend this money.
Natalie Much of that money will come from the Defense Department budget.
Officials say DHS is already looking at construction locations.
We know therell be a large portion of it being built in the Rio Grande Valley.
Natalie Which sets up another legal battle with Texas landowners three of whom have already filed suit over possible land seizures.
Those people more clearly maybe than anyone else have standing to object to what the President has done.
Natalie Like the President and most legal experts Professor Seidman expects the Supreme Court will ultimately decide the issue.
Natalie Brand CBS News the White House.
A new NPR PBS news hour poll shows that overall a majority of Americans disapprove of the Presidents use of a national emergency to build the wall.
Lesli Were following some breaking news out of south east DC its been a violent afternoon there.
A teenager has been shot.
It happened along the 2600 block of Stanton Road.
DC police tell us that boy was conscious and breathing when first responders rushed him to the hospital.
We dont know what led up to the shooting.
Police say theyre looking for a suspect wearing a blue hoodie and tan khaki pants last seen headed toward Douglas Road.
About 20 minutes from there earlier today a crime alert about another crime.
Three people including a child were shot in that instance.
Eli Place near the Fort Dupont ice arena.
Bullet casings could be seen littering the street along with a Lexus sedan that had its windows shot out.
Police say all but one of the victims was conscious and breathing when they were taken to the hospital.
We dont know anything about a motive or suspects in that attack.
Bruce Theres an important meeting at Winston Churchill Senior High School in Potomac tonight.
Parents of the Montgomery County school are invited to discuss an event where students handed out passes granting others permission to use the N word.
And theres more.
School officials say theyll also address a swastika that was drawn on a desk earlier this year.
The meeting is said to begin at 700 tonight at Churchill High School auditorium.
Coming up Frederick County mom detained by immigration officers talks about her nightmare and her long awaited reunion with her family.
Lesli Plus Vatican secrets.
Despite their vow of celibacy the catholic church has guidelines for priests who father children.
The news continues after this.
Track the winter weather with me and search for the WUSA9 app in your app store!
Announcer Tonight.
What do we got?
Announcer NCIS has a surprise so good missing it would be criminal.
Your computer is tryin toTake down the Department of Defense.
Announcer New NCIS then.
Looks like a professional hit.
Announcer The search for answers leads to more questions.
Who hired you?
Announcer A new FBI after a new NCIS.
CBS Tonight.
Tonight.
If you get this send help!
Announcer One journalist under siege.
One conspiracy uncovered.
We got nothin to go on.
Announcer NCIS New Orleans tonight.
Narrator When winter rears its ugly head you can stay in and cozy up to the fire.
Or go out and light one.
Dodge Durango.
Join the brotherhood of muscle and hurry in for winter deals.
Now get 500 Presidents Day bonus cash for a total cash allowance of 2000 on the 2019 Dodge Durango SXT all wheel drive.
Its time to go Toyota.
Go connected with a sporty Camry with the latest tech.
Compatible with your favorite apps and wifi.
Now lease a Camry for 219 a month or buy with 1500 cash back.
Or go with a stylish Corolla and lease for just 199 a month or buy with 1500 cash back and two years of no cost maintenance included.
Go see your Toyota dealer today!
Toyota lets go places.
A Jewish cemetery was found desecrated today in eastern France.
Swastikas and inscriptions were found on some 80 graves in a village located close to Strasbourg.
This comes two months after another Jewish cemetery was vandalized and on the day that France held a large gathering in Paris to protest antisemitism.
French President Emmanuel Macron also visited the Holocaust Memorial today in the city.
Bruce CBS news has confirmed the Vatican has kept secret guidelines for priests who father children.
For nearly nine centuries the catholic church has forbidden its priests from having sex or getting married.
Sarah Thomas says shes proof that priests sometimes break those vows.
She says her mother was told by the church to keep her birth a secret.
Thomas first met her father a priest in England when she was 14 years old.
It soon became apparent that he couldnt or wouldnt and wasnt allowed to be any sort of father to me.
What was the hardest part about all of this growing up?
Feeling very isolated.
I literally thought I was the only priest child in the world.
Bruce The Catholic church in Ireland published ground breaking guidelines for priests who fathered children.
Church officials in America are now looking at a similar model.
This week Pope Francis meeting in Rome with Bishops to discuss this issue and the sexual abuse scandals that have plagued the church on several continents.
Coming up at 700 Off Script tonight Ive got an exclusive interview with a priest and church scholar who is heading to that meeting in Rome.
Lesli Coming up Manny Machado has a new team now.
How will that impact Bryce Harper?
Darren Haynes has more from Nats Spring Training camp in Florida.
Bruce Your health matters to us here at WUSA9 thats why were holding free health screenings from noon until 700 this Thursday February 21st at the Kentland Community Center on Pinebrook Avenue in Landover.
Our initiative is called Impact Health Matters.
Lesli Were partnering with UM Capitol Region Health and the Prince Georges County Health Department to provide all sorts of screenings and demos about 20 of them and a few of them are on your screen right now.
Cholesterol glucose dental screenings.
Well have doctors on hand to answer your questions and you can even give back to the community by donating blood.
Bruce While screenings are free you do need to register for some of them as well as the blood drive ahead of time.
You can do this by going to WUSA9.comHealthMatters.
Again thats WUSA9.comHealthMatters.
Announcer Next ET Mirandas wedding secrets unveiled.
Plus Meghans baby shower in New York.
And...
Im exclusively in London with Victoria Beckham.
Announcer Next ET.
Female Announcer Tonight at 730 on WUSA9.
Male Announcer Fourth of July has its fireworks.
Christmas gifts.
But what about Presidents Day?
Lets just say the voters will be very happy.
Announcing our best offers on Americas best selling brand.
You gotta love democracy.
Through February 28th only get 4000 total cash on select Ford SUVs.
Hurry to your local Ford dealers for best selection during the Presidents Day Sales Event.
Female Announcer Stronger is rebuilding a newborns heart and restoring a fathers faith.
Its standing tall after one surgery not six.
Stronger is being a typical kid despite a rare disorder.
Stronger is finding it earlier and coming home sooner.
Stronger is seeking answers and not giving up until you find them.
Because we dont just want your kids to grow up we want them to grow up stronger.
Ready to go when you are.
Wow you look nice!
Getting around isnt as easy as it used to be.
Thats why we called Bath Fitter.
They removed our old tub and installed a beautiful new spacious shower.
Now getting in and out is a breeze.
And we have peace of mind with seamless walls that provide a watertight fit.
Plus their lifetime guarantee.
Thanks to Bath Fitter Life is so much easier with a shower we love.
Announcer Call today for this months offer.
Wimpy trash bags?
Cmon!
Hefty Hefty Hefty!
Hey ladies.
Buy Hefty Ultra Stronger.
A low price.
Dada.
I wish.
Announcer Get Hefty Ultra Stronger.
Costs less than Glad Forceflex where sold head to head.
Mmmm yummy lip balm!
Yummy lip balm?
My lips get so dry and cracked I need serious relief.
Thats why I use OKeeffes Lip Repair.
Its all day moisture in one use and is guaranteed relief for extremely dry cracked lips.
Thanks to OKeeffes I got my lips back.
This Presidents Day theres big news at Nissan Now!
No brand received more J.D.
Power Initial Quality Awards for cars and trucks than Nissan.
That means that people love their new Nissans.
So were thanking you with big savings on our lineup.
Including Rogue with ProPILOT Assist.
Announcer For a limited time save up to 3500 on the 2019 Rogue or the 2019 Sentra.
Get to Nissan now before these offers are yesterdays news.
A Frederick County mom and local civil rights leader at the center of an immigration battle is reunited with her kids.
Roxana Santos broke down today as she talked about the terror of being detained by ICE for nearly a month despite a federal judges order blocking her deportation.
Heres Scott Broom.
Scott Roxana Santos speaking in Spanish said shes now living in terror that she could be taken from her four kids again at any moment.
The three youngest including six year old twins are U.S.citizens.
Roxanas Son Im happy to be with my mom.
Translator Im really scared that they could separate me from my children again.
Scott Santos was taken by ICE locked up in a rural county jail and threatened with deportation in January sparking protest.
Scott She just won a civil rights suit against the Frederick County sheriffs department for illegally profiling her leading to an unjustified arrest in 2007.
The final stage of that case is still in court the reason a judge blocked her deportation for now.
Nick Katzs is Santos lawyer.
Immigration has no priorities anymore.
Theyre going after mothers theyre going after young people.
We need to protect them and make sure that theyre comfortable interacting with the local police and that thats not a pipeline to deportation.
Santos may have U.S.citizen kids but the fact is she did illegally immigrate 14 years ago to flee violence in El Salvador.
Which means ICE is within its rights to attempt to separate the family again.
In Hyattsville Scott Broom WUSA9.
All right so a lot of schools are already calling it now.
And for good reason.
I mean the roads are going to be a mess tomorrow.
Between 600 am and noon thats gonna be the big shot of snow and the heaviest snow and its gonna accumulate quickly.
We talked about this yesterday.
When it starts to snow it will become moderate to heavy very soon and it will accumulate very quickly as well.
So here we go.
Three to five.
Leesburg Gaithersburg just north of Rockville and just kinda touching parts of Fairfax County and northern Prince William County.
And notice the plus sign.
Yeah there are spots that could get more than five inches in that.
In the metro area one to three inches.
We may end up with two inches of snow and an inch of sleet inside the belt way.
So that includes Bethesda Chevy Chase DC Bowie down to Waldorf and even Fredericksburg.
Down to the south of Fredericksburg across into the southern Maryland area we have a trace to just an inch.
Not a huge problem there.
But if youre traveling youre gonna try to come up through southern Maryland up five or 301 once you get into Charles County if youre doing it in the morning it will be bad.
Snow fall.
Here we go.
I think the computers have kinda come into our way of thinking which is good.
Makes me feels a little bit more confident.
All right so here we go.
Tremendous amount of moisture.
Most of this is rain little bit of snow popping up here in northwestern North Carolina in the mountains.
And this is on schedule for us to be here either side of 600 tomorrow.
So on the BreadOMeter.
Well I like doin a pure snow on the BreadOMeter but because its gonna be a impactful storm and disruptive were gonna make it a five.
So were gonna call it a legitimate storm.
Between the snow and the ice.
And I think it will be plowable and sledable.
Now as it goes to ice power outages I think unlikely in the metro but out toward I81 isolated power outages okay?
And then further west Hagerstown into Cumberland kinda where you had the ice about a week ago we could see power outages there.
Were a little bit more concerned about power outages there.
And heres why.
This model has very little ice around the metro and it has okay amounts it could probably handle 210 of Petersburg and 210 of Romney.
But this models way aggressive and it has almost an inch in Cumberland to Oakland.
And even more in our burgs.
0.3 in Leesburg and Gaitersburg.
That would lead to some blims coming down and some power outages.
So lets talk about types of precip.
So its snow if everything is cold and we start out that way but it doesnt stay that way.
It ends up we get this little warm wedge and that turns things to sleet.
Thats what bounces.
And worst of all if we it turn to freezing rain that falls liquid and freezes on contact.
Thats the worse case scenario.
So roads worse 600 am to noon.
It will kick to a mix and then rain overnight.
And then morning showers were in the 50s by Thursday.
So 33 snow at 600 am moderate to heavy snow at 900 and then things begin to change a little bit into a mix.
So red weather alert tomorrow 32 56 on Thursday.
Look at Friday what a way to finish the week!
Sunshine andLittle bit of a blip of Saturday chilly with rain.
And then 66 on Sunday.
Upper 40s Monday and Tuesday.
Lesli.
Lesli All right four wedding anniversaries birthdays and countless holidays have passed since Ken Gemmell and his little girl Arabelle lost their family.
It was two weeks before Christmas in 2014 a plane crashed into their Gaitersburg house.
And inside was Marie.
She was home on maternity leave.
She was found cradling her sons seven week old Devon and three year old Cole in an upstairs bathroom.
But instead of letting this tragedy destroy them Ken and Arabelle are fulfilling a dream to honor Marie Devon and Cole.
They wanna rebuild this playground and you can help.
To learn how go to WUSA9 our mobile app or our website and then tonight at 1100 hear about the design plans little Arabelle has to honor her mother and little brothers.
Well be right back.
Music Youre one and only T.V.
9 Music Announcer Day to night and everything in between.
A vibrant collection of cultures and activities await in greater Fort Lauderdale.
Start planning at sunny.orgletsgo.
Announcer The Hyundai Presidents Day Sales Event is going on now!
Get huge savings on our full line of both cars and SUVs.
Hyundai is also making some history of its own.
The Hyundai Kona has been named the 2019 North American Utility Vehicle of the Year.
Incredible vehicles monumental savings.
Find yours during the Hyundai Presidents Day Sales Event going on now.
Get a Santa Fe with 0 APR plus 500 bonus cash or 3000 cash back.
Now extended an extra 500 for government employees effected by the shutdown.
She me The Crown.
Show me Homecoming.
Baby sloth videos on YouTube.
Do you mind giving someone else a turn?
Oh I made myself a little comfortable here.
I got a pizza for Amy!
Yes thats me!
Announcer Xfinity lets you search Netflix Prime Video and YouTube with the sound of your voice.
And I dont have my wallet.
So...Announcer That simple easy awesome.
Switch to Xfinity and get started with this great offer.
Plus ask about 4K Ultra HD in packages that include Netflix.
Call or visit a store today.
Announcer The Presidents Day sale at MattressFIRM has been extended!
Today is your last chance to take home a king for the price of a queen and a queen for the price of a twin.
Save up to 600 storewide.
Plus youll also get a free adjustable base with your qualifying mattress up to a 699 value free.
Customers like Joe in California have spoken and theyre just crazy about this deal.
Hurry in the deals of the year end today.
Your budget stretches further at MattressFIRM.
My gums are irritated.
I dont have to worry about that do I?
Actually you do.
Harmful bacteria lurk just below the gumline.
Announcer New Crest Gum Detoxify works below the gumline to neutralize harmful plaque bacteria and help reverse early gum damage.
Gum Detoxify from Crest.
Announcer Breathe freely fast with Vicks Sinex.
My congestions gone.
I can breathe again!
Ah!
I can breathe again!
quick sniff Oh.
Announcer Vicks Sinex.
Breathe on.
Whoo!
Im looking at that truck!
Wow!
Thats awesome!
Announcer Everyone is excited about the all new award winning Chevy models.
Theyre all really cool cars.
Whoo I love it!
I cant stop staring at it.
Announcer See what the excitements all about at your local Chevy dealer and take advantage of a great deal like this.
Current qualified competitive lessees can lease this Malibu for around 179 a month or current GM owners get 4250 total cash allowance on most Malibu models when you purchase and finance with GM Financial.
Announcer And now WUSA9 Sports brought to you by Xfinity.
WUSA9 Sports Director Darren Haynes hes at spring training with the Nats and three things you just need to know about.
Im Darren Haynes at Nationals spring training and here are three things you need to know.
Bryce Harper is not in West Palm Beach.
The free agent has yet to sign with a Major League team.
The Nationals reportedly already offered him a 300 million dollar deal over ten years the same as the Phillies who offered him a ten year contract for 310 million.
How much do you want him on this team?
Oh I want him on this team and the guys in the clubhouse want him on this team.
Hes one of the best players in the game right now.
And people in and around this organization have had a front row seat to really see how good of a player he is.
But at the end of the day we cant be sitting around waiting for him to walk through those doors.
Heres the second thing you need to know.
Theres another big free agent out there people.
Or should I say use to be free agent?
Former Oriole Manny Machado signed a ten year 300 million dollar contract with the Padres.
So what does this all mean?
This could accelerate things for Bryce Harper to sign with a team.
I spoke to Nationals manager Davey Martinez and he says Bryce Harper needs to focus on whats best for his family.
But at the same time hes gonna focus on the players that are here at spring training.
Speaking of Davey Martinez heres something you didnt know about him for number three.
Hidden talent.
I can play the bongos.
Now these are not bongos but...You tap a little bit?
Darren Can you?
Can you tap?
Who taught you that?
My dad.
Great.
Yeah.
Good stuff good stuff.
See we learned something new today.
Now coming up at 1100 tonight why was today almost like a family reunion for manager Davey Martinez?
Reporting from West Palm Beach Im Darren Haynes WUSA9 Sports.
Bruce Darrens gonna be with Nats spring training in Florida all week long.
Hes gonna bring you live exclusive access to the players in our WUSA9 Facebook page.
Oh Darren hes missing all this tomorrow.
For shame.
Picked a good week.
And speaking of Facebook Live Howards on there now if you wanna ask him questions about the snow and the sleet and the freezing rain.
Okay.
So well show you the snow fall map again.
We have tailored it down a bit.
Three to five north and west with a plus sign.
One to three in the metro.
A trace to an inch down into the northern neck and also southern Maryland.
But I do want to emphasize if youre driving up from southern Maryland from Saint Marys County through Charles County tomorrow around 900 1000 its gonna be bad.
Its gonna start to snow quickly it will accumulate quickly and it will become heavy also rather quickly.
But once we get through that were okay.
Were 56 on Thursday 50s on Friday and lets just jump ahead to 66 on Sunday.
If some of you can stay off the road for one day I would do it.
Thats News at 600.
Back at 700 with Off Script.
CBS Evening News is next.
Well see you all back here at 1100.
Announcer Youve been watching WUSA9 News with a weather forecast rated most accurate for the last seven years.
Announcer Stay warm and cozy with Gasfireplaces.com.
Cyprus Airs Presidents Day sale is here.
Convert your wood burning fireplace to gas and get up to 80 off with installation as early as next week.
Visit your nearest showroom.
Or schedule a free inhome visit online at Gasfireplaces.com.
Announcer Fourth of July has its fireworks.
Christmas gifts.
But what about Presidents Day?
Lets just say the voters will be very happy.
Announcing our best offers on Americas best selling brand.
You gotta love democracy.
Through February 28th only get 4000 total cash on select Ford SUVs.
Hurry to your local Ford dealers for best selection during the Presidents Day Sales Event.
I never thought Id say this but I found bladder leak underwear thats actually pretty.
Always discreet Boutique.
Hidden inside is a super absorbent core that quickly turns liquid to gel.
So I feel protected.
And pretty.
Always discreet Boutique.
Do I use a toothpaste that whitens my teeth or one thats good for my teeth?
Now I dont have to choose.
Crest 3D White.
The whitening therapy collection.
Now with charcoal or coconut oil.
It gently whitens plus it has a fortifying formula to protect your enamel.
Crest.
Healthy beautiful smiles for life.
Announcer Stronger is blasting her tumors without risking her bones.
Its training her good cells to fight the bad guys.
Stronger is less pain new hope more fight.
Its doing everything in your power and everything it ours.
Stronger is changing even faster than they do.
Because we dont just want your kids to grow up we want them to grow up stronger.