
Reporter That his brothers gambling had placed his family in danger.
Reporter Was it revenge or was his graphic novel a script for murder.
Its just more like a horror movie.
Announcer CBS News Original Reporting.
Announcer Do you feel the need to keep climbing even when youve reached the top?
Do you appreciate everything you have but still wanna do more?
You do when youre free.
Set yourself free in a Jeep Grand Cherokee at the Jeep Fourth of July Sales Event.
Finance and get 4250 total cash allowance on select 2019 Jeep Grand Cherokee models in dealer stock.
Zo Right now at 1100 heavy rain and strong winds across the Washington area tonight knocking down trees and knocking out power.
These storms were intense so lets find out if were in the clear.
Meteorologist Melissa Nord is here with me now and Melissa I have a feeling the answer is no.
Well youre guessing right.
Mother Natures storm game is still going strong at 11 oclock tonight.
You can see the progression of the storms over the last five hours and just in the last hour tracking another intense thunderstorm thats over Southern Maryland stretching through Charles County and now moving into St.Marys County Mechanicsville with a lot of heavy rain and about 20 lightening strikes in the last 10 minutes alone.
So this is our one last storm of the night.
Moving towards Lexington Park 1136 and if it holds together Ridge Maryland by about midnight tonight.
Now tomorrow we have another round of storms so lets talk about storm threats.
Now tomorrow I think the greater overall threat is gonna end up being just some very heavy rain falling on saturated ground that could lead to flooding.
Were gonna see lightening and I think we could also see an isolated storm become strong or severe maybe not as many as we saw today but the storms tomorrow will still be intense.
Well start the morning with patchy fog.
Let take Futurecast out to noon.
Youre still noticing were mostly dry on Futurecast but starting in the afternoon that next round of storms starts firing up and Zo once it starts going its gonna get only more intense from there.
Well take you through the rest of the Futurecast.
Were gonna look ahead into when well see our next streak of dry days next.
Zo Thats what I wanna hear.
All right thank you Melissa.
And this should come as no surprise the storms left behind a lot of damage in our area tonight.
Check out this huge tree that may have brushed against this house along Reservoir Road in Northwest D.C.right before falling over.
Theres no word of any injuries tonight.
And in Glover Park more damage.
This tree snapped and fell right onto that parked SUV.
Some of those other cars nearby may have been damaged as well.
And check this out also in the district yet another tree crashes onto a car.
You cant even really see the car because that tree is so big there.
This happened along Upshur Street and New Hampshire Avenue.
And heres a look at more weather pictures coming in tonight from our WUSA9 team throughout the region.
These are just spectacular.
Look at this because of the intensity of this storm again which you can gauge from these images alone many people are without power tonight especially in Prince Georges County hundreds of people there without power.
Well if you have pictures or video youd like to send our way you can tag us WUSA9 on Facebook or Twitter and well share them here.
Well before the storms rolled in tonight police responded to a deadly motorcycle crash in Montgomery County.
This happened in Gaithersburg just off of 270 at the intersection of 370 and Route 200.
Police tell us a 45yearold man crashed there tonight.
Well it has certainly been a tense day and night in Washington.
Right and left wing protestors they faced off near the White House today.
One side demanding free speech the other speech free of hate.
Heres Jess Arnold.
Protestors Build that wall.
Protestors Black Lives Matter.
Jess Right wing ralliers and counter protestors in downtown D.C.Saturday.
My biggest issue is the fact that Trump is trying to divide people.
I respect your conviction.
Man Yes.
Jess From MAGAhat wearers to the Neofascist group Proud Boys the right rally to defend free speech after they say sites like Twitter and Facebook censored some of them.
Woman Will they take away our right to Tweet take away our right to share photos take away our right to share our peace of mind.
They take away our right to do rallies like this so.
Jess Across the street groups like Black Lives Matter Sanctuary DMV and other activists joined under the banner AllOUTDC to protest hate in Pershing Park.
Were over here showing that you know even in the face of white supremacy and hate that we still are working towards liberation.
Jess Some clashes were inevitable.
Do not touch me.
Abraham Lincoln mic not picking up voice.
Its not the party of Abraham Lincoln anymore.
Yes it is.
It is the party of mumbles.
These big tech companies they lie and they call us Nazis they call us terrible people they say all conservatives are evil and racist.
To these Antifa people over there have the complete wrong idea.
These Antifa people should be on our side.
If theyre against fascism they should be against censoring voices.
Jess Those for and against the President had no problem raising their voices Saturday.
I support Donald Trump because of the urban revitalization tax cuts prison reform secondchance hiring that helps a black community a lot.
Im really ashamed of a lot of the things that are going on in the country and I think its really important for everybody to speak out.
Man Our street.
Together Our street.
Jess Jess Arnold WUSA9.
Zo Also tonight still cant get over these pictures right here.
Crews they finally removed that red minivan that was swallowed up by this massive sink hole in Northern Virginia earlier this week.
This took place along Princedale Drive in Woodbridge on the Fourth of July.
Thankfully that was just parked and no one was inside at the time.
The Virginia Department of Transportation is blaming a stormwater pipe that burst because of all the rain weve been getting lately.
While the van is now out VDOT says it will take weeks to repair this section of Princedale Drive so it will remain closed.
And new details tonight on a singlecar crash that shut down parts of I95 in Spotsylvania County yesterday.
Some of you may have been caught up in this at the end of the workday.
Were now told a 2004 Ford Explorer was traveling north on I95 when the driver ran off the right shoulder and overturned several times before coming to a rest on the left shoulder.
The driver 24yearold Jahvante Winnagle from West Virginia was taken to a nearby hospital with lifethreatening injuries but the news is more grim for some of his passengers.
A passenger in that Ford 47yearold Frederick Thomas was ejected and died at the scene.
Thomas was not wearing a seatbelt.
Another passenger Robert Rutherford was also killed.
Now two other passengers in that car with them were transported to Mary Washington Hospital with minor injuries.
Both of those passengers were wearing seat belts.
A suspected gas explosion in Florida today reduced parts of a shopping mall to rubble.
That blast was massive.
At least 21 people were hurt.
This happened in Plantation Florida west of Fort Lauderdale.
Heres Peter King.
Peter The blast originated inside a vacant pizza restaurant destroying it and sending debris flying across this shopping center in Plantation Florida.
Falling debris crushed several cars in the parking lot.
I heard a loud boom and really thought it was fireworks.
Peter The force of the blast shattered windows and damaged businesses in the same section of the plaza including an L.A.
Fitness Center.
People inside the gym said the entire building shook.
Its roof collapsed patrons were sent scrambling to get out.
My first initial instinct was was this an earthquake but I was like Im in Florida so obviously its not an earthquake.
I was just terrified honestly.
Peter The explosion was powerful enough to be felt for miles around.
When we arrived we found patients scattered all about the debris area.
Peter First responders set up a triage area and firefighters with specially trained dogs searched the area to make sure no one was trapped or killed.
Fire officials say everyone has been accounted for.
Were very much relieved that considering the debris field and considering how we found the patients and where we found em that the injuries are not as severe as we would have thought they would be.
So were very thankful for that.
Peter Peter King CBS News Orlando.
Zo President Trump doubling down on his fight to add a controversial question about citizenship to the 2020 census.
Nicole Killian is traveling with the President tonight and shes in Berkeley Heights New Jersey.
Nicole President Trump flew to New Jersey for his first summer visit to his country club.
While back in Washington aides scrambled to find a way to get a citizenship question included in the 2020 census despite pushback from the Supreme Court.
We have four or five ways we could do it so were working on a lot of things including an executive order.
Nicole A source familiar with the deliberations tells CBS News attorneys are reviewing all the options and are trying to resolve the legal issues as quickly as possible.
Critics charge the citizenship question discriminates against immigrants and communities of color.
Were gonna lose a lot of support for the our communities in our regions.
Experts say the President cant override the Supreme Courts decision to block the question but he can come up with a new rationale for why its warranted.
The Commerce Secretary can add some questions to the census if there are valid reasons to do so.
Nicole The President also wants action on immigration.
After postponing mass deportation roundups last month hes threatening theyll start fairly soon.
I dont call em raids I say they came in illegally and were bringing em out legally.
Nicole The administration continues to come under fire for poor conditions at migrant detention centers along the Southern border.
President Trump claims the facilities are clean and run beautifully but a government watch dog report described the crisis as a ticking time bomb.
House Democrats plan a hearing next week.
Nicole Killian CBS News Berkeley Heights New Jersey.
Zo Still ahead here tonight if you like burgers youre gonna wanna hear about some of the tastiest burgers in the nation and find out why theyre being cooked up for a good cause.
Thousands of earthquakes have struck Southern California in the last couple of days with one reaching a 7.l magnitude.
Im Joy Benedict in Pasadena California where scientist are trying to predict just how long this shaking will last.
Announcer WUSA9 News is sponsored in part by Fios.
Choose Fios and get the best on the 100 fiberoptic network.
Go to getfios.com to switch today.
Check out my Playscape twopiece sectional.
The 799 price tag makes it great.
The two colors and five decorative pillows makes it greater.
The comfy popup sleeper with Bobapedic memory foam makes it greaterer.
Together Get Bobs Discount.
Man Only at Bobs Discount Furniture.
House for sale.
Home for sale.
Home for sale.
Home for sale home for sale.
Weve got a home.
Available now.
Announcer Cirque du Soleil presents Volta.
An energetic story of transformation inspired by the adventurous spirit of freedom.
Volta opens July 26th under the big top at Tysons II.
Tickets at cirquedusoleil.com.
Announcer When you get right down to it freedom is the ability to go where you want to go and do what you want to do.
So grab a Jeep Compass and roam free at the Jeep Fourth of July Sales Event.
Right now get 4000 total cash allowance on select 2019 Jeep Compass models in dealer stock.
My Caleb sofa and loveseat.
With Bobs Discount you get both pieces for just 799.
799 are you joking?
Do I look like Im joking?
Yes you look like youre joking.
Im serious.
Cool.
Together Get Bobs Discount.
Aw man this is what people are dealing with out West tonight.
We are learning about a strong earthquake that jolted the Los Angeles area last night just a day after a slightly weaker one rattled Southern California.
The magnitude 7.1 earthquakes epicenter is near Ridgecrest where a rock slide has shut down a road.
It also triggered a number of fires.
Heres Joy Benedict in Pasadena.
Joy The magnitude 7.1 earthquake hit just one day after Thursdays 6.4 jolt.
There were a number of structure fires there were gas leaks there was road damage rock slides.
Joy This was the scene inside a market in Ridgecrest the city near the epicenter of the quakes.
Food and other items flew off the shelves.
This is a very strong earthquake.
Joy About 150 miles to the Southwest our CBS colleagues in Los Angeles felt the earthquake Friday night while they were broadcasting.
Well be right back.
Wow.
Joy And at the Dodgers home game.
Suddenly like something started shaking and were like looking around and all of a sudden everyones like whoa.
Joy But the baseball game continued.
The earthquake even rattled Los Vegas with enough force to stop this NBA game.
Thousands of earthquakes have struck Southern California here in the last couple of days so scientists here at Cal Tech are crunching the numbers trying to figure out the probability of more.
Were concerned about future aftershocks and where theyre gonna be.
Joy Seismologists say the likelihood of another magnitude six quake over the next week is more than 25.
Joy Benedict CBS News Pasadena California.
And Governor Gavin Newsom declared a state of emergency for a section of Southern California that saw significant damage after Friday nights earthquake.
All right I wanna bring in meteorologist Melissa Nord again with us tonight because its been a busy night storm wiseYep.
And its still not over.
Its not over quite yet.
Okay.
Weve got one storm that is left out there but we getJust one.
To do it all again tomorrow.
Rinse and repeat right?
As if you were not done with it already.
Here we go look at the tower cam nice and dry over D.C.right now.
I dont remember if I mentioned this a couple minutes ago our wind gusts at Reagan National as the storms were coming through was just about 40 miles an hour but at the Capitol it gusted to 66.
Thats why theres dozens Im not kidding 66 at the U.S.Capitol.
Its not but in terms of a it can happen well just leave it there.
There were dozens of trees down all over D.C.At one point we had about 5000 people without power in Bladen County 4000 people without power in Prince Georges County hopefully all of your power is restored at this point.
But let me show you the last remaining storm with still a lot of lightening over Southern Charles County and now really into St.Marys County.
I put a lightening tracker on this and for 11 oclock at night this storm is holding together pretty well with heavy rain right over Mechanicsville moving into Leonardtown.
About 45 lightening strikes in the last 10 minutes alone.
Heres the setup though.
Weve got this front that is trying to move through but it is gonna stall out over the area tomorrow.
That front is the dividing line between this disgustingly humid air mass weve been in and well not exactly Canadian pleasantry but itll be a little drop in the humidity a little more manageable levels outside by Tuesday.
But were in that transition period for Sunday and Monday with still some storm chances.
So I pulled up here a different weather model showing you over the next 48 hours alone look at this.
I mean weve got our inhouse RPM model showing we could get another 3 12 inches in some isolated spots.
So what this is showing me is we have a heavy rainfall threat setting up for tomorrow.
Tomorrows storms could bring some locally heavy rain.
That is my biggest concern out of all of our storm threats.
Yes I think we could see an isolated strong severe storm tomorrow like we saw today but not quite as many strong storms with some damaging winds.
But I think the overall greater threat for tomorrow is gonna be some downpours falling on saturated ground and that could lead to flooding.
Were also gonna see lightening.
So if youre gonna be boating at the pool just hiking outside tomorrow or enjoying brunch heads up there will be some storms.
You dont wanna be caught outside with them.
Okay Futurecast hourbyhour.
Now after todays storms I do think were going to see some fog forming overnight some of that fog could be locally dense.
So well start the morning with cloud cover with some patchy fog temps in the 70s.
By lunchtime still a bit of cloud cover but were starting to see that cloud cover breaking up a bit temps in the 80s.
We head into 300 in the afternoon and heres where we start to see those scattered storms developing and I think our storm timeframe tomorrow is a little bit later than it was today.
Storms will start around mid afternoon theyll really ramp up as we head past dinnertime in the evening.
Lots of my computer models are trying to keep storms in the forecast throughout Sunday night and even in to Monday morning but with a lot of heavy storms that keep bringing rounds of heavy rain over the area thats why I think tomorrows gonna be flooding a bigger threat locally especially street flooding and creek and stream levels rising.
So tomorrow we start with that patchy fog a mostly dry start to the day but its later in the day we start to bring those storm chances in.
Ive got highs that are running in the mid 80s.
All right Nats forecast for tomorrow.
Theyre playing Kansas City Royals 135 first pitch.
You know I think were gonna get pretty lucky at the beginning of things but by the end of the game well track some of those wildly scattered storms so by the finish of the game yeah its possible there could be a rain delay.
But I think a cross your fingers 135 looks like a better start time tomorrow than having something middle of the afternoon.
All right so tomorrow heres our showers and thunderstorms.
Well go into Monday and that front is still close enough to us to where it leaves us with some storm chances but as we get into Tuesday and Wednesday that high pressure completely dries us out it brings in a slightly lower humidity.
So overall our forecast becomes a lot more manageable outside in terms of humidity and storm chances Tuesday and Wednesday into this week.
By the way Tracking the Tropics this week.
20 chance we could have a system develop.
Its actually an upper level trough which is over Western Tennessee but its gonna move out to the Gulf and this is the area were gonna watch for some heavy rainfall set up shop into this week.
So if youre taking a vacation out towards PCB Panama City Beach Pensacola even over to New Orleans thats what Im tracking this week in the tropics.
All right I lowered the high temp tomorrow to 88.
I think a bit of cloud cover fog in the morning is gonna limit how high we get but its humid with some thunderstorms late in the day and into tomorrow night.
A few more storms Monday dry Tuesday dry Wednesday.
Well bring back some storm chances Thursday and lower humidity returns on Friday Zo.
All right thank you Melissa.
Well if you have an appetite for burgers the place to be this holiday weekend is Wisconsin.
I know youre not gonna like me after this going to bed not thinking about food and then I show you this juiciness.
The chefs at Riverfest are offering up some of of the tastiest burgers anywhere so they say.
Its the fourth annual Burger Bash and get this for 10 bucks people can sample burgers from competing chefs in Wisconsin Minnesota and Iowa and then vote for who should win the Peoples Choice Award and a 300 reward.
Members of local organizations and chefs they made up a panel of judges that decided the best burger..
This is definitely a competition.
Our chefs take this seriously our judges take this seriously.
When the community comes in and they give their input the chefs really like to know what people think of their of their recipes.
Zo I love seeing the people behind her they look so happy.
Proceeds from the event will go to the Beer By Bike Brigades fundraiser to pay down school lunch debt for kids.
All right coming up next the NBA finals MVP is moving on whats next for Kawhi Leonard.
Plus a unique obstacle course featuring couples racing for a world championship.
Well tell you about this one next.
Dont I got rights?
I said I dont consent to search.
This stop led to a complaint against D.C.police.
Last year there were 780 of them a new record but some in the department say its not the officers fault.
Whos policing the police?
Tuesday at 1100.
Announcer When does an opportunity become a golden opportunity?
When a forwardthinking safety system and peace of mind meet exceptional offers.
Dont miss your golden opportunity to experience our most advanced safety technology now at the Lexus Golden Opportunity Sales Event.
Announcer Lease the 2019 ES 350 for 379 a month for 36 months and well make your first months payment.
Announcer Experience amazing at your Lexus dealer.
We are sisters and we just moved in together.
Announcer Why Alissa and Aleah chose Fios.
We stream so much.
A lot of times Alissa is watching TV on her laptop using her phone also using her tablet.
I am really good at multitasking cause Im awesome.
A little.
Announcer The best internet is even better at our best price.
Switch now and get our fastest speeds available plus a free Chromebook on us.
Thats Fios.
Announcer Its the Final Days of our 4th of July Sales Event.
Your last chance to get great deals on our Ford SUV lineup.
Now get 0 financing for 72 months on Ford Explorer or 0 for 60 months on Escape Edge and Expedition.
Its no wonder Ford SUVs have the highest brand loyalty in the industry.
During Final Days get 0 financing for 72 months on Explorer.
Get zero for 60 on Escape Edge and Expedition or choose 8400 in total savings on Ford Edge.
Announcer This is not a bed its a revolution in sleep.
The Sleep Number 360 Smart Bed is on sale now during our lowest prices of the season.
It senses your movement and automatically adjusts to keep you both comfortable.
It even helps with this.
So you wake up ready to hit the ground running.
Dont miss our 4th of July Special for the queen Sleep Number 360 c4 Smart Bed now 1299 plus free premium delivery when you add a base.
Ends Sunday.
Sleep Number proven quality sleep.
Announcer How do you win over fans?
You give them something they love.
Something no one else can.
Something they cant get enough of.
And then you give them more.
Hurry in to see why Ram has the most loyal halfton pickup owners during the Ram Summer Clearance Event.
Announcer Now get 20 off MSRP on select 2019 Ram 1500 Classic models in dealer stock.
Announcer And now WUSA9 Sports brought to you by XFINITY.
All right take a close look at this right here.
All the Nationals the uniforms they wore today there was a powderblue kind of jersey there and the pants that the Montreal Expos wore through their inaugural season 50 years ago.
Its the first time the Nats wore these Expos throwback uniforms if you will.
As for the game.
Announcer Kurt Suzuki deep to left see you later.
Above the bullpen.
What a great combination to a long atbat threenothing Nats.
See you later no no.
Melissa was supposed to join in with me on that one left me hanging.
All right that tworun blast was more than enough.
Support from Max Scherzer who picked up his ninth win of the season.
The Nats shut out Kansas City six to nothing.
And Nationals third baseman Anthony Rendon will not play in the AllStar game.
He says hes dealing with some minor ailments and he needs a little time to rest and heal.
We wish him well.
All right the Orioles are in Canada this weekend to wrap up the first half of the season.
Announcer And delivered boy did he get that one way back left field and it is gone.
Goodbye home run it stayed.
So the Orioles slide to that foul pole.
And Nunez cranks one.
A couple of RBIs and a twonothing lead for the Orioles.
Yeah and that tworun blast was part of a fiverun fourth that helped Baltimore beat the Blue Jays eight to one.
The Birds have now won three in a row keep going.
All right and we are just hearing tonight that the Washington Wizards have acquired forward Davis Bertans from San Antonio in a threeteam deal with the Spurs and the Nets.
The Wizards sent the draft rights of forward Aaron White to Brooklyn and the Spurs acquired DeMarre Carroll from Brooklyn.
All right well dramatic changes to the landscape of the NBA.
The Los Angeles Clippers reportedly made two big moves.
Theyre signing free agent Kawhi Leonard to a fouryear 142 million dollar contract.
While completing a trade with the Oklahoma City Thunder for Paul George.
Leonard becomes the first player ever to switch teams right after winning the finals MVP.
Getting paid nicely too.
And you know maybe they just needed some time to cool off a bit but they probably didnt wanna be blasted with sprinklers like this.
A mixeddoubles match at Wimbledon was interrupted when a sprinkler just went off blasting those players who were sitting on the bench during the changeover.
Yeah not fun at all right?
Of course theyre quick too.
All right and theyre off in this case.
A blast of a traditional firework kicked off Pamplona Spain Running of the Bulls Festival opening nine days of uninterrupted partying.
How bout that?
A member of the Northern citys official brass band was chosen this year for Saturdays launch of the rocket known as the Chupinazo to mark 100 years since the local ensembles foundation.
You can see revelers there theyre dressed in their white attire flaunting those traditional red scarves who just spray each other with wine.
Theyd have a good time too.
American novelist Ernest Hemingway immortalized the fiesta that each year draws around 100 or one million visitors for eight consecutive mornings starting Sunday.
These dare devils they race with the bulls along a 930 yard street course to the citys bullring.
Uh never.
All right now another kind of race here.
A Lithuanian man and his wife theyve won the worlds WifeCarrying title okay leaping over timber wading through waisthigh water to beat dozens of other couples for a second year running.
The couple cleared a grueling 278yard obstacle course in one minute 6.72 seconds.
That was just a tenth of a second ahead of the former sixtime world champion and his partner.
Couples from over a dozen countries they take part in this annual race in Finland and prizes were issued to the first three couples to cross the finish line as well as the most entertaining couple best costume and the strongest carrier.
Can you get over this video this is wild wild stuff right here.
Well despite the events name couples do not have to be married.
Relationshipbuilding exercise right here.
All right still ahead heavy rain tonight.
What can we expect Sunday and heading into your work week.
Well Melissa is back with the latest next.
Announcer Mattress Firms 4th of July Sale has been extended.
Get a free adjustable base two free memoryfoam pillows and a free mattress protector when you take home your new bed for just 799.
Thats a value of over 850 free.
Your budget stretches further at Mattress Firm.
Its all clear.
Hey sheep give me a beat.
Music Yeah everybody say hey.
Music Music Hey.
Music Music Everybody say ooo.
Music Music Ooo.
Music Music Go Woody go Woody.
Music Haho.
Yeah.
Announcer Hurry in to the Chrysler Fourth of July Sales Event where great deals come to life on the Pacifica and the Pacifica Hybrid.
See Disney Pixars Toy Story 4 in theaters now.
Get 0 financing plus 3750 total bonus cash plus no monthly payments for 90 days on the 2019 Pacifica.
Honey this Gigspeed internet is ridiculously fast.
We are seriously keeping up with the Jones.
Keeping up with the Fords.
Keeping up with the Garcias.
The Rameros.
The Tows.
Walanskys.
No ones gonna have internet like this.
Announcer Xfinity makes keeping up with the Jones simple easy awesome.
Want Gigspeed internet?
Weve got you covered.
Or check out our other amazing speed options at new low prices.
Get started now for as low as 29.99 a month.
Call click or visit a store today.
Announcer Its the Final Days of our 4th of July Sales Event.
Dont miss your last chance for huge deals on FSeries Americas bestselling trucks for 42 years straight.
Get 0 APR financing for 72 months on the Ford F150 or check out the all new 2019 Ford Ranger and see why its the ultimate adventure gear.
During Final Days get 0 for 72 months on Ford F150.
And if youve ever served in the military or are a first responder get 1500 more in appreciation cash on these Ford trucks on top of all offers.
Okay have fun at your dads.
Boy Okay I love you mom.
Bye.
What do you think?
I like it.
Get up.
Come on got it.
Yes.
Dad You hungry?
Yeah.
All right.
Bye dad.
Bye buddy.
Mom How was it?
Dads internet is amazing.
Well you know moms cookies are also amazing.
Thats what I thought.
Announcer Get up to 1 GIG speeds on the day you move in.
Cox internet starting at 29.99 per month for up to 10 megs.
Announcer Do you feel the need to keep climbing even when youve reached the top?
Do you appreciate everything you have but still wanna do more?
You do when youre free.
Set yourself free in a Jeep Grand Cherokee at the Jeep Fourth of July Sales Event.
Financing get 4250 total cash allowance on select 2019 Jeep Grand Cherokee models in dealer stock.
Announcer Mattress Firm is extending our Free Free Free Event.
Celebrate and turn your mattress into a bed with free accessories.
Like a free adjustable base and more when you take home your new bed for just 799.
Plus save up to 400 store wide.
Your budget stretches further at Mattress Firm.
Rain or shine trust DCs most accurate forecast only on WUSA9.
You know just still waitin around for that cool summer day no rain no storms just sunshine.
Fall.
Fall no now youre taking it too far.
We want summerI know.
But you know just not these storms.
I know people are sick of it.
This is fourth of July for us here.
Yeah.
In typical fashion for us in D.C.Were gonna have another round of some scattered showers and storms late tomorrow.
Some of them could bring some very heavy rainfall.
Isolated strong severe storm.
I think those storms actually carry into Sunday night.
Another round of some storms possible on Monday.
I think your pick of the week Zo is going to be Tuesday.
Tuesday?
Melissa A little lower humidity its dry its sunny andIll take what I can get.
And more storms on Thursday.
We could just go through the week by week.
You know what though I know it sucks for Nats fans like when theres rain delays but next Fridays game actually looks really good.
Good okay okay.
Yeah.
I was a game I think two weeks ago and it got rained out so here we go of course.
Thank you for being here with us for the news at 1100.
Well see you back here tomorrow night have a great night.
Announcer Youve been watching WUSA9 News with a weather forecast rated most accurate for the last seven years.
Announcer The 2019 Escalade is made for summer and made to move.
Get 0 APR for 72 months plus 1000 on a 2019 Cadillac Escalade when you finance through GM Financial.
Everyone loves a throwback but I havent worn that suit in awhile or those shoes.
Luckily I still have them because the clothes that once gave you comfort can help someone get their career back on track.
So throwback and donate at Mens Wearhouse today.
Announcer Its a long 4th of July weekend which means more time to check out your favorite Kias.
All of our amazing vehicles come with a 10year 100000 mile warranty and advanced technology features.
And during our Summer Sticker Sales Event hurry in to get 0 APR for 66 months and up 2000 additional cash on specially tagged 2019 vehicles.
Visit your local Kia dealer look for a sticker and save.
Hurry in this 4th of July weekend offer ends July 8th.
Heres your Buick sir.
Actually thats my Buick.
Your Buick doesnt have a roof rack.
This is my Buick.
Boy How are we gonna fit in your moms Buick?
Boy Easy.
I like that new Buick.
Me too.
I was actually talking about that Buick.
I knew that.
Did ya?
Announcer Buicks fresh new lineup is full of surprises.
During Buicks Fourth of July Sales Event pay no interest for 76 months on most 2019 Buick models.
Music And oh my dreams Music Music Its never quite as it seems Music Music I know I felt like this before Music Announcer Find inspiration in every mile.
The Mazda CX5 with turbo feel alive.
Now get a 2019 Mazda Crossover for 0.9 APR for 60 months.
Lets play dare to compare.
My Bobapedic Signature gel queen mattress versus the TempurPedic TEMPURAdapt.
Both have cooltothetouch cover and luxurious memory foam but my Bobapedic gel memory foam is infused with cooling gel plus the Signature is 13 12 inches thick versus their 11 and has four layers of foam to their three.
Oh!
And a 20year warranty versus their 10.
And with Bobs Discount mine is just 899 and theirs is a whopping 2199 1300 less than theirs.
Together Get Bobs Discount.
Announcer Some see trails as only muddy paths steep climbs and rough terrain.
But in the redesigned Jeep Cherokee youre trail can lead anywhere.
See where your trail leads at the Jeep Fourth of July Sales Event.
Now financing at 5750 total cash allowance on select 2019 Jeep Cherokee models in dealer stock.
Everyone loves a throwback but...