have an impact on people's lives.
 -One of the most important bands to ever walk the earth.
 Their influence will never, ever go away.
 -They had the perfect combination with the classic lineup.
 They had the personalities that could create friction, that created great music,
 and they don't come along very often.
 -It was just a giant firework display that was just the best you've ever seen,
 but it wasn't built to last.
 It exploded into the sky, and we all went, "Ahh," and it was gone. Fabulous.
 We have a death.
 We need to confirm identification and then we need to perform an autopsy.
 The lead singer of the rock band Nirvana, Kurt Cobain, has died of a gunshot wound in Seattle.
 'The world was stunned when Kurt Cobain, the 27-year-old musician and self-styled prince of grunge, was found dead.'
 Kurt Cobain was a genius. He was the powerful voice of a generation.
 true artist. Even in his pain, he was genuine. 'But with success came pressures that Kurt found hard to handle.'
 He worked so hard to become a millionaire rock star. And then once he did, he didn't like it very much. 'But despite leaving a suicide note, many people refused to believe that Kurt Cobain had taken his own life.'
 'And on April 8th, 1994, when Kurt Cobain was found dead at his Seattle mansion, it appeared to be a clear-cut case of suicide.' I said, "He's going to kill himself."
 Kurt was the poster boy for suicide.
 I knew from the beginning that Kurt had been murdered.
 Kurt Cobain's death certificate says that he died from a single shotgun wound to the head.
 But why would a man who's just achieved his lifelong goal of becoming a rock star and starting a family kill himself?
 Could foul play have been involved? 'Dr. One of the people he smoked a cigarette with outside said that Kurt just seemed like a happy-go-lucky guy, without a problem in the world.
 Michael Hunter is a world-renowned forensic pathologist and the Chief Medical Examiner in one of America's biggest cities. He's performed over 4,000 autopsies to investigate and reveal the cause of death.' Kurt is at the Exodus Recovery Center in Marina Del Rey. He's trying to kick the heroin addiction he's developed since becoming a rock star.'
 Kurt Cobain's investigative records show that he died from a shotgun wound to the head, fired through the mouth.
 But why would a man who has struggled to make it as a musician and who'd just started a family, kill himself? Four days before Kurt Cobain's death.
 I'm gonna use all the available evidence to investigate what happened to Kurt both mentally... ..and physically and discover more about why he died. '2:30pm.
 He seemed very excited about life.
 'Kurt had only recently become a millionaire, after a lifetime of financial hardship, and had just bought himself a mansion in an exclusive area of Seattle, where he lived with his wife Courtney Love and his 19-month-old baby, Frances Bean. In a recently discovered interview, recorded a few months before his death, Kurt claimed he'd never been happier.'
 Ever since I've been married and I've had a child within the last year, everything my whole mental state and my physical state - has almost improved 100 per cent. I've never been more optimistic.
 But within five days of appearing optimistic about the future, Kurt Cobain was dead.
 He was 27 and he joins a long list of stars who died at this age, including Jim Morrison, Jimi Hendrix and Amy Winehouse.
 It's an exclusive club.
 And I want to find out what led Kurt to join it.
 'Kurt Donald Cobain was born on February 20th, 1967, in Aberdeen, a small industrial town located two hours south of Seattle.'
 Aberdeen was a logging town where everybody was macho.