So why is space so important to the automobile? 
Hold on.
This is major.
This is deep.

Well, it revolutionized styling...
This looks like the thrusters from a jet, coming out the back.
Modernized technology...

Now you've got a mean, fighting machine.

And helped influence some of the most expensive and advanced machinery in the world.
[window thuds] [upbeat music] But as long as the unknown is still out there, space will continue to shape our cars as well as our culture.

This is Space Age Americana, right here.

This is the America I know.

Cheers, Jay.

The best video game ever! 
[laughs]  
Tonight on  Jay Leno's Garage...
Yo! Yeah, let's kill Jay.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
 We're examining  the next generation  of all things automotive.
Let's face it, nobody makes money selling last year's car.
 How do vehicles evolve? Ready to try and relive some old memories? 
Yeah.
Do I have to take you along?  
And how can we  honor the past  while still moving forward? 
We had to make sure that this car was everything that it needed to be to win a historic race like Le Mans.
 
Tonight we'll see if  the next generation really  is the best generation.
Remember, you're never too old to fall down.
Aah!  I get to be one of the first  people to get their hands  on Ford's amazing  new race-winning Ford GT.
I'll get you a check as--in a couple of weeks.
Don't worry about it.
 Legendary newsman  and former NSX owner  Ted Koppel gets the latest  scoop on the new Acura NSX.
This is 3.5 liter.

Right.

It's 575 horsepower.

I love it when you talk dirty to me.
 
I'll check out the next  in a line  of powerful race bikes.
The acceleration of this thing is really good.
 And how bizarre is this,  a car that can be anything  you want it to be? 
The Blackbird truly is the next generation of car advertising.
 
And Alonzo Bodden and I try  to teach an old-style bike  some new tricks  when we go off-road racing...

This is insane.
 
Emphasis on the off.
[groans] 
You okay, Jay?  [upbeat music]  [Music] [Music] Well, this episode is all about the next generation, 'cause let's face it, nobody makes money selling last year's car.
You got to innovate, you got to come up with new ideas.
The car I'm driving right now is my 2005 Ford GT, serial number 12.
That means the 12th car built.
The first ten cars went to the Ford family.
The 11th car was auctioned for charity, and this is the very first customer-delivered Ford GT.
This is the re-creation of the car that won Le Mans back in the '60s.
You know, Ford took on Ferrari.
It's a legendary story, and won Le Mans, so they tried to reimagine what the car would look like in 2005, and they developed this car, which is true to the original, and now, they're gonna do it again.
Ford is back with the next generation of the Ford GT.
 I've been dying to  get my hands on one of these  ever since we got  a sneak peek at the prototype,  which tragically was not  road-ready at that time.
I think this car just surprised everybody.

There's even a lot of employees in the company that didn't know we were doing it.

Wow.

And it was just as much a surprise to them.
 
And then they took  the new Ford GT  to Le Mans 50 years after  their first legendary victory,  and they won it again.
 You know, when America can  build a supercar that competes  with the rest of the world,  it's really exciting.
 Now,  after two very long years,  I'm on the way to get  my new Ford GT  and drive it  for the very first time.
 [Music] [Music] This is Dave Pericak.
He's head of global performance for Ford Motor Company? 
That's correct.

And my new Ford GT is in the trailer.
I'm gonna see it for the first time, just like you are right now, so this is pretty exciting.

Are you ready to see it? 
I am ready to see it.
Let's take a look.
 [Music] [Music] Wow.
 [Music] [Music] Looks fantastic.
 [Music] [Music] 
Mr.
Leno, your car.

Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Did you get the keys from him? 
I didn't get the-
he took the keys.

Oh.
Yeah...yeah, give Dave the key.

Give them to me.

Here you go, right there.

There we go.
Jay, your new Ford GT.

Well, thank you very much.

Congratulations, sir.

I'll get you a check as-
in a couple of weeks.
Don't worry about it.
Yeah, it's pretty amazing.
Yeah, it just looks great.

This was designed, you know, to celebrate our heritage and to celebrate what's all behind the GT, and at the same time we had to make sure that this car was everything that it needed to be to win a historic race like Le Mans.

You know what's great about it is, it's an actual racecar for the street.
I mean, a lot of people use that term, but this was designed for track first, street second, and it's all aerodynamics.
That's really the key to this car.

Oh, this whole car's about aerodynamics.

I mean, you can literally see how the air goes through it, through up here, it cuts through here, this is amazing.

Well, you know what a lot of people don't know, Jay? This is not just beautiful, this wing, but it's also functional.

Like me.

[laughs] So the air is coming in.

Right.

And it's going through the turbo, and it's getting cooled, but then that charged air is coming up through here, actually through this piece, and feeding the motor.

Okay.

And it's all been made to increase downforce, reduce drag, and make this quick.
She achieves a top speed, Jay, of 216 miles an hour.

Wow, that's faster than many, many supercars.

It is, actually.
The McLaren does 205, is what they've stated.

Right, right.

The Ferrari 458 does 205 as well.

So if I'm on the 405 with this and the McLaren is going 205, I can easily pass them.

You can easily pass them.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So it's practical.

You've been known to get up to that speed on the 405.

It's practical.
Honey, we can get to your mom's house much quicker.
 Let me tell you something,  it's really a privilege  to have one of these  'cause this is not  an easy car to get.
This is probably the first time in the history of the motor company that it had to be preapproved to get a car.

We had roughly 6,800 applicants for 500 cars, so the demand was high, but we wanted to make sure that this ended up in the hands of people who were gonna do the right thing with the car.

Right.

We don't want people to buy it and flip it.

Right, right.

You know, we don't want people just to put them in--in a museum somewhere.
We want them out on the street.

Right.

We want people to take them to car shows, so yeah, the application process was--was very lengthy.

Oh, and the number of celebrities that called me, Leno, can you get--get me on that list! Why aren't I on that l-
just furious that they weren't on the list, and I said, Well, you know, your Lambo and your Ferrari's not gonna help you here.

Yeah, exactly.
We want to reward the people that have been loyal to Ford, and that's...

Thank you.

There you go.

Since the first day I rolled my mom's Falcon, I have been there, you know what I'm saying? Very cool.
 All right, enough talking.
 Let's drive this thing.
[engine turns over] [engine revving] 
Rotate that dial to track mode.

Track mode? You get right there, don't you? 
You're hunkered down, and you're ready to go out and attack the track.
The grip is unbelievable.
You keep thinking you're gonna slide, but you don't slide.

No, you do not.
This thing just pulls like a freight train, doesn't it? 
It really does.

This feels like a racecar.

I was gonna say, it's as comfortable as a road car.

Yes.

I feel like we're doing one of those Doublemint-
it's two mints in one! 
[laughs] 
This is so smooth and seamless.

As soon as you hit the throttle, it's instantaneous torque.
It's not some big event that happens, but you're rocketing off.
That V-6 is an angry little motor back there giving you that power.

Anybody who thinks they're gonna miss the V-8, you're gonna be pleasantly surprised.

Well, speaking of surprises, Jay.

What do you got?  [Music] [Music] 
Oh, yeah! Wow, how cool is that?  Joey is a professional  racecar driver for Ford,  and that's one  of their actual racecars.
 How cool is that?  [Music] [Music] 
You're not gonna let him beat you, are you, Jay?  [Music] [Music] The best video game ever! 
[laughs]  [Music] [Music] 
[chuckles] Well, how cool was that? 
[chuckles] 
Was that all you had, boys? 
Yeah, that's all we got, yeah, yeah.

That's all we got.

I'm carrying 150 pounds of dead weight here.

Yeah, yeah, he's-

Yeah.
 All right, let's be honest.
 Even without Dave in the car,  there's no way  I could beat Joey.
 Back in 2011,  he drove for BMW and won  Sebring and Daytona, and he's  one of the winning drivers  that drove the Ford GT  at Le Mans.
Well, I like the name Joey Hand.
Sounds like an old mob guy.

That's right.

Mickey the Snake, Louie the Foot, Joey the Hand.

Joey the Hand.

Joey the Hand, hey, Joey the Hand's driving Le Mans.
Hey, well, congratulations.
You've had a great career.
Is that--that seems like it would be the highlight.
Is it? 
It is, yeah.
That's a big one.
I mean, Le Mans really is a different race.
It's a very fast track.
It's wet and dark.
I mean, there's so many things that can go against you.
In the GTLM class we were racing each other the whole time.

Yeah.

I mean, I passed the Ferrari at the beginning of the race, and I passed the Ferrari for the last time with four hours to go, and everything in between was a race.
It was--it was no cruising, so I mean, that race, it just--it's one that makes your eyes pop out of your head.
It's like driving I-5 in the fog.

Right.

That's what I tell everybody.

Now, this is not the car that won.
This is obviously a racecar.

Right, this is not the one that won, but I actually have the car that won.
 [Music] [Music] This is the car, Jay.

Wow.

This is the one that won.

Actual French dirt and everything.

This is French dirt.

French bugs.

French bugs.

Yeah.

French everything.
 
You know, a lot of factors  go into winning  a race like Le Mans.
 Obviously  you need a great car,  but it's just as important  to put together  the perfect team of drivers,  mechanics, and support people.

It's quite a process to-
to choose your drivers, and we were being approached by agents, the drivers.
everybody wanted to be a part of the program.
You know, you also got three drivers driving this car together for 24 hours.
They have to click as well.

Here's a dumb question.
They're not driving together.
You get out of the car, another guy gets in.

Right.

The integration is what? 
Oh, well, I'll let the driver tell you that.

Just from the steering position, the seat.

Oh, okay.

You've got a guy that likes the car really loose and a guy that likes the car with a lot of understeer.

Right.

That's not good for both, right? So you got to learn to compromise, and lucky Dirk Muller, one of my teammates, we raced together for years.
We knew each other already coming in.
You know, then we had Sebastien Bourdais, and he was kind of our French connection.

You got to have a French guy.

Right.
And he's won a lot of championships in IndyCar, really good wheelman.

And I guarantee the French are gonna say, Bourdais is the winner of the race, and you two guys are back here.
He is the Frenchman.
He's won the race.

That's the way it was.
The week before the race you do a big autogra--a parade, and you sign autographs.
It was just Bourdais.

Right, yeah.

He's from Le Mans.
He was born in Le Mans.

Oh, well, there you go.

So it was Bourdais and the American and the German.

Yeah, yeah.
Well, congratulations, Joe.
I mean, it's an amazing accomplishment.
 Now for the ultimate  dumb question...
Can we take this one for a ride? 
Not this one, Jay, not this one, but I'll tell you what.
If you want--and you'll be the only guy that's ever done this, you want to drive the one that Joey was just driving? 
Can I do that? 
You can do that.

Cool.

Get your other foot in there.
Hold on.
There you go.

All right, that's about as good as I'm gonna get in there.

You can give me your wallet.
There you go.

I don't trust any of you [bleep].
[laughter] [engine turns over] [giggles] Fantastic! I got to get me one of these! Oh, I got one already! I forgot about that! Yes!  Coming up...
Perestroika, my friend.

[laughs]  
The Russian's strength  versus motocross track.

Jay Leno has lost his mind.
 
And somehow,  I wind up the loser.
[groans] 
You okay, Jay? We got no free pass.
Everything we have, we've earned.
The unmistakable Lexus IS.
Lease the 2019 IS 300 for $329 a month for 36 months.
Experience Amazing at your Lexus Dealer.
Pardon the interruption but this is big!  Now at T-Mobile buy any  Samsung Galaxy S10  and get a Galaxy S10e Free! I like to make my life easy.
Romo mode.
Good luck with that one.
Yes! That's why I wear Skechers Slip-Ons.
They're effortless.
Just slip them right on and off.
Skechers Slip-Ons, with Air-Cooled Memory Foam.
 [Music] LiMu Emu & Doug [Music] Mmm, exactly! Liberty Mutual customizes your car insurance, so you only pay for what you need.
Nice! But uh, what's up with your partner? Oh! We just spend all day telling everyone how we customize car insurance because no two people are alike, so...
LiMu gets a little confused when he sees another bird that looks exactly like him.
Ya...
He'll figure it out.
 Only pay for what you need.
 [Music] Liberty.
Liberty.
 Liberty.
Liberty.
[Music]  
This episode is all about  the next generation,  so, of course, we started off  with a high-speed racecar.
The best video game ever! 
[laughs]  
But the next generation  isn't always about technology.
 Sometimes you can go forward  while going backward.
I'm with my old friend, fellow motorcyclist, and comedian Alonzo Bodden.

Nothing like a nice getaway in the beautiful brown hills surrounding Los Angeles.

You've seen Alonzo on this show before.
 Not too long ago he kicked  my buttocks on the flat track  when I had  a dislocated shoulder.

I liked how Alonzo ran up the inside there and pushed you wide.
That's a standard dirt track move right there.
 
But now I've got  a relocated shoulder,  and I'm ready  to kick his butt.
Alonzo likes the fast Japanese bikes, but I want to see what he thinks of this old-school technology that's been updated.

Can't wait to try to pick up a date with this rig.

This is called a Ural.
Now, if you've never heard of one of these, well, that's 'cause it was built in Russia.
 Actually,  this whole motorcycle  is a copy  of a World War II design.
 These were popular because  they had two-wheel drive,  meaning the sidecar  was also a drive wheel,  and that extra traction made  them great for off-roading  through snow, mud,  and just about anything else.
So you say to yourself, Okay, the name of this episode is 'The Next Generation.' Well, that's what this is.
This is the next generation of one of these Ural bikes.
It's basically old technology, but it's been upgraded with Brembo brakes, fuel injection.
It's really kind of a perfect mix of retro and modern.
Now, this is my personal bike, but we borrowed one for Alonzo, and it's his first time riding.

How come Laurence Fishburne gets to go on a racetrack in the BMW, and I get to go on a dirt road in a Ural? I got to make some movies.

Perestroika, my friend.

[laughs] 
What do you think? 
I hate to admit it, because if I tell you this is fun, I don't know what you're gonna put me on next.

But you know, so many of the bikes it's just about going crazy fast, where this is the only motorcycle I've seen that only goes to 100.

I think if you could do 100 on this thing, you could win something.
[laughs] 
Let's see how it does on this track.

He's got to be kidding.
We're not actually going on a motocross track on this thing? Jay Leno has lost his mind.
 
These Urals are great  at off-roading,  but that's a very,  very different thing  from a motocross track.
 See,  motocross bikes are designed  to be fast and nimble,  while these Urals are designed  to stay on the ground,  slow and steady.
 Take a curve too fast  on one of these,  they'll tip over on you,  but that's what makes it fun,  right? 
This is insane.
[laughs] This is the first time I've considered riding a motorcycle an act of faith.

What's on the other--yo! Boy, you feel like this thing's gonna tip over.

[laughs] 
Your natural instincts are completely different than a normal motorcycle.
[both laughing] 
I don't know if I've ever laughed this much going this slow.

Hey, hey, hey, hey!  [dramatic music] Yo!  [Music] [Music] Yo! [groans] 
You okay, Jay? You okay? 
Yeah, I'm okay.

All right.
[engine turns over] 
There we go.
 These things are heavy, crude,  but indestructible, like me.
Yee-haw! 
We are cooking now.
I'm doing well over ten miles an hour.

You kind of steer it with the throttle a little bit to bring it around.
 I know I almost flipped  this thing a minute ago,  but I'm feeling confident now,  and that means I'm gonna  make this competitive.
Oh, man these--these things are a lot of fun, aren't they? 
Man, this is a blast as long as you don't flip over and kill yourself.

No, that's all right.

[laughs] 
You know something? There are those that just follow the chosen path, and there are those who choose to make their own path through life.
I saw the road not taken, and I made it a road.

The road less traveled? 
That's right.

It's less traveled for a reason, Jay.

That's right, that's right.

[laughs] 
You know what we should-
let's try hill climbing.

All right.

Let's see who can bring the other guy up the hill fastest.

All right.
[bird caws] Ready, Jay? One, two, three, go.
 [Music] [Music] 
Whoa! 
There you go, there you go, there you go, come on, come on, come on, we can make it, we can make it, we can make it! Done.

A lot of wheel spin.

Yeah.
Any tips? 
No, I don't know what I was doing.

[laughs] 
I would start it.

Think so? [engine turns over] 
Ready, set, go.
 [Music] [Music] Very good, wow, now, much better, very good.
 [Music] [Music] Oh, I got 18 seconds.

Now, that's how you climb a hill.
I think you had more dead weight in the side car.

Well, that's--that's true, but so far you've beaten me every time on motorcycles.
I got to keep having you on the show until I beat you.

It's job security, Jay.

Job security.

[laughs] 
Good job, Alonzo, my friend.

This was great, man.
This was great.

Built like Russian bull, strong.

Yeah, yeah, whatever you just said.
 
Now let's take a look  at the vehicle  that's revolutionizing  the way cars are filmed.
 In fact, you've probably  seen it already.
 You just didn't know it.

The Blackbird truly is the next generation of car advertising.
My name's Pete King.
I'm an executive producer at the Mill here in Los Angeles.
 
The Mill is  a visual effects company  known for their CG work,  and one of their specialties:  car commercials.

Nowadays cars are almost exclusively designed in the computer, so there wouldn't be a physical vehicle to actually film, and when you're making a commercial, it's pretty hard to do it without an actual car, so before the Blackbird we did it in kind of the old school way, which was to take a previous year model, put a bunch of tracking markers on it to then replace it with the render of the actual vehicle in post.
We thought there had to be a better way to do it.
 
They realized that  as long as  you have the right wheel base  and performance,  you can digitally  put any car body on top,  and it'll look real.

It can be adjusted for length and width.
It's got an electric engine that can be programmed to mimic the acceleration curves and performance of virtually any automobile.
For filmmakers, the Blackbird really gives a lot of flexibility because you can create whatever you want over the top of it.
We use those cool-looking graphics on the outside to track it in real time.
It allows the director or the DP to actually see their render over the Blackbird as they're filming in the real lighting it's in at that moment.
This is groundbreaking technology.
This thing is working constantly, and we're actually having to build more of them this year.
We're gonna have them in Europe.
We're gonna have them in Asia.
We're gonna have them in the east coast of the U.S.
It's gonna be working all the time.
 
When we return...
You know, a man in your position should be driving an automobile like this.
 We'll see how  veteran newsman Ted Koppel  reacts to the new NSX.

Damn, that's a lot of power.
-Guys, I want you to meet someone.
This is Jamie.
You're going to be seeing a lot more of him now.
-I'm not calling him Dad.
-Oh, n-no.
-Look, [Sighs] I get it.
Some new guy comes in helping your mom bundle and save with Progressive, but hey, we're all in this together.
Right, champ? -I'm getting more nuggets.
-How about some carrots? You don't want to ruin your dinner.
-You're not my dad! -That's fair.
Overstepped.
When I book at Hilton.com I get to select my room from the floor plan...
Free Wi-Fi...
...and the Price Match Guarantee.
So with Hilton there is no catch.
Yeah the only catch is I'm never leaving.
No I'm serious, I live here now.
 Book at Hilton.com  and get the Hilton  Price Match Guarantee.
[Music] I'm tasting olives...
[Music] [Music] Roasted pine nuts...
[Music]  Book at Hilton.com [Music] Mmm this red pepper...
[Music] [Music] That's spicy stuff...
[Music] Fresh flavor.
Feel good food.
Sabra Hummus.
[Music] I just had Sabra Hummus and now I feel good! [Music] I had a heart problem.
I was told to begin my Aspirin regimen, and I just didn't listen.
Until I almost lost my life.
My doctors again ordered me to take Aspirin, and I do.
 Be sure to talk to your doctor  before you begin an  Aspirin regimen.
 Listen to the doctor.
 Take it seriously.
 Curiouser and  curiouser,  said Alice.
 “The rabbit-hole  went straight on  like a tunnel for some way.”  I've seen a cat without a gri,  but a grin without a cat.” Hey, Mercedes, end audio.
Change lighting to soft blue.
 The completely reimagined  2020 GLE.
 With intelligent voice control  and available third row.
 Your adventure awaits at the  Mercedes-Benz Spring Event  but hurry the event  ends April 30th.
 [upbeat music] 
The car I'm driving right now is a 2017 Acura NSX, all-wheel drive, hybrid, fast.
In fact, with the demise of the 918 Porsche, this is the fastest hybrid car you can buy.
Amazing automobile, it really is an incredible car, but this is the next generation of the NSX.
 When Honda first came out  with an NSX in 1990,  it was revolutionary.
 It was the only  mass-produced car  to feature  advanced aerodynamics,  titanium connecting rods,  and an all-aluminum body,  which made the NSX the first  high-performance supercar  with the comfort  and reliability  of an everyday driver.
Supercars prior to that were somewhat unreliable.
People just accepted the fact that supercars were quirky and needed constant tune-ups, and it's all part of the ownership process, but Honda really set a standard for every company from Ferrari to Lamborghini about how to build a supercar.
I tracked down a guy who had one and was passionate about it, sold it, and has regretted it ever since, and I'm gonna let him drive this one and find out how this new one compares to the old one.
 [Music] [Music] Ted, how are you? 
Jay, I thought this hotel catered to a better class of people.

Apparently not.

Apparently not, right?  
If anything,  he belongs here,  and I certainly do not.
 See, this is Ted Koppel.
 He anchored Nightline  for over 25 years,  and he's one of  the most respected  broadcast journalists  this country has ever seen.
Now, Ted, as a big motorcycle enthusiast, you had a BMW? 
I had a BMW 1100R.

Right.

Nice bike.

Very nice bike.

My wife made me get rid of it.

Really? 
Yeah, she--yes, afraid so.

Oh, man.

Well, you know, there-
there comes a point after you've reached your appointed threescore and ten...

Right, right.

When it's not too smart to get out there on a bike anymore.

Oh, I'll keep that in mind.

Oh, you do that.

Yeah, I--I still like to ride, actually.

Of course you do.
Of course you do.

Yeah, I still like to ride.

You're a crazy man.

Luckily, your wife hasn't told me not to ride, so I'm okay.

No, but she's gonna call your wife.

Oh, yeah, now, don't do that.
Don't do that.
But you're also a big car guy 'cause I remember you were an NSX guy.

I had an NSX from '97 until about 2014, so I had it for a long time.

Okay, okay.

Yeah.

Well, I'll tell you what.
I've got the brand-new NSX here today.

You're kidding.

I want to get your opinion on that.

You're--you just pay me the normal fee.
You don't have to give me a car, for crying out loud.

No, no, I'm not giving you the car.

Oh.

I just want you to drive it and see what you think, and I've got-
from the Honda Museum, I've brought one of the original NSXs, one of the first generation ones, and I'd like you to drive that one just to refresh your memory.
Then we'll put you in the new one and get your impression from the newsman's point of view.
 [Music] [Music] 
That is one pretty little car.

That is a '91 NSX.
This is the very first generation car.
Pretty clean design.

This is a gorgeous car.

Well, you ready to try and relive some old memories? 
Yeah, do I have to take you along or can I-

Yeah, I'm sorry, that's quite--legally, you have to take me.
I was thinking the same thing, but hey, this is what we got to do.
[chuckles] [engine turns over] 
Oh, yeah, that's nice.

Bring back some memories when you step on that accelerator? 
Oh, that's lovely.
This is a nice-handling car.
It still is.

Now, when you got your NSX, did you realize the importance of it? 
I hate to admit that in front of this many cameras next to my old friend Jay Leno, but no, not at first.
I was a body man.
I just loved the look of the car.
 
You know, even though  we were late-night rivals,  I always liked Ted.
 In fact, one time  I invited him on my show.
I remember once you rode a motorcycle on The Tonight Show.

That's very true.
I rode the bike onto the set, thereby enhancing my image as a rebel.

Yeah.

Yeah.
In the early days I was up against Johnny.
It didn't change much, frankly, you or Johnny.
Both of you beat the crap out of us.

Yeah, but you were doing important stuff.

In many ways I feel like Forrest Gump because I was with Mandela when he came out of prison.
I was in the Kremlin with Gorbachev the day the Soviet Union ended.

Wow, actually, Gorbachev told me a very funny story, which is, there was a line of people in Russia, and they'd been waiting hours for bread, and one Russian said, I hate this line.
You know what I want to do? I want to kill Gorbachev.
Hey, and everybody in the line...
Three hours later, the guy comes back.
They said, What happened? You kill Gorbachev? He said, No, that line was longer than this one.
[both laughing] I thought that was a pretty good joke.

That's not bad.

Well, for a communist, come on.

Yeah, not bad.
Do you remember the old John Wayne story? He had this agent by the name of Manny, and periodically they'd go out, they'd have four or five beers.

Right.

John Wayne would go to the bathroom, and he'd come back, and there'd always be the same thing, his white trouser leg soaking wet.
After about 20 years of this, Manny's never asked him about it before, and he's--he can't stand it.
He says, Duke, what happens in there? He says, Well, I'll tell you, Manny.
It's always the same damn thing.
I'll go in there, some dude'll stand at the urinal next to me, all of a sudden he looks up, and he says, 'Jesus Christ, you're John Wayne.' 
Oh, and he pees all over him? 
I was hired to do an interview with Bill Clinton, and I tell that story, and then I turn to Clinton and say, That must happen to you all the time, and he says, Yeah, except in my case they do it on purpose.

[laughing] Oh, that's funny.
That's a funny story.
Now, would you rather drive this or your Porsche Boxster? 
Hmm.
I love that Porsche Boxster, but this--this car is very special.

This one does it for you.

This one does it for me, yeah.
And it makes me kind of wonder whether I did the right thing.

Well, it's not too late to go back and find another one.

That's true, yeah.
 [Music] [Music] And we are ready.
 [Music] [Music] Well, that was fun.
I enjoyed it.

Yeah, yeah, brought back some memories, huh? 
It did.
 
Obviously,  Ted loved his original NSX,  but the second generation  is really a great car.

It's very blue, isn't it? It's-

It is blue.

It's very blue.
 
It shouldn't take too much  to make Ted a true believer.
What's it gonna take? You know, a man in your position should be driving an automobile like this.

You're right.

Let's put you behind the seat and show you what it feels like.

There we go.
Now you're talking.
[engine turns over] 
Let me tell you what we have here.
The other was a 3-liter and 276 horsepower.

Yeah.

This is 3.5-liter with 575 horsepower.

I love it when you talk dirty to me.

And--now, the other was a two-wheel drive, rear-wheel drive only.
This is a all-wheel drive car, and you've got an electrically-driven motor, as well, so it's a hybrid.

Well, I mean, when you buy a $200,000 car, you worry a lot about the price of gasoline, right? 
Well, yeah.

I know the people who buy this car are just thinking, Man, if I can save a few bucks by going electric.
Damn, that's a lot of power.

Feels good, doesn't it? See, you got to have one of these now.

No, I don't.

I can see that look in your eye.

No--for real, it was a kick driving it, but...

No, no, no?  Well, I guess  I should have realized  Ted's love  for that original NSX  is hard to replicate.
 He's an old-school guy.
Now, are you one of those guys, nobody drives your cars? Have you let anybody else drive your NSX? 
I-I once let one of my daughters drive it, and some other guy.
Oh, yeah, Colin Powell.

Oh, Colin Powell? Oh, Colin Powell's a real car guy.

I know he is.
I drove over in the NSX, and he said, Do you mind if I drive it? I said, Of course not.
So he hops in, he peels out.
He gets about 1/4 mile up the road, and I hear--boom-
this huge explosion.
One of the tires had blown.
He brings it back on the rim, gets out of the car, and he's laughing.
He says, You know, Koppel, it's still a federal crime to try to kill a sitting Secretary of State, so...

[laughs] That's funny.
Well, Ted, thanks so much for taking the time to do this.
It's really been fun.

Oh, it's been a great delight.
You've always been someone whose career I've enjoyed and whom I've enjoyed knowing as a friend.

You're one of the few guests I enjoy talking to as much off-camera as on-camera.

Thank you.
Same here.
 
Coming up,  one of the fastest racetracks  in the world  with one of the fastest  motorcycles in the world  with an old guy on it.
Yeah, let's kill Jay.
Yeah, that's an idea.
 What could go wrong there? [elevator bell] Yup.
Little choices make  a big difference.
Like delicious fruits  and veggies.
However You Healthy.
 Naked.
I had a heart problem.
I was told to begin my Aspirin regimen, and I just didn't listen.
Until I almost lost my life.
My doctors again ordered me to take Aspirin, and I do.
 Be sure to talk to your doctor  before you begin an  Aspirin regimen.
 Listen to the doctor.
 Take it seriously.
 Opening doors with Cologuard.
Turning 50 opens the door to a lot of new things...
like now your doctor may be talking to you about screening for colon cancer.
Luckily there's me, Cologuard.
The noninvasive test you use at home.
It all starts when your doctor orders me.
Then it's as easy as Get, Go, Gone.
You get me when I'm delivered...
right to your front door and in the privacy of your own home.
There's no prep or special diet needed.
You just go to the bathroom, to collect your sample.
After that, I'm gone, shipped to the lab for DNA testing that finds colon cancer and precancer.
 Cologuard is not right for  everyone.
 It is not for high risk  individuals, including those with a history of colon cancer or precancer.
 IBD, certain hereditary  cancer syndromes,  or a family history  of colon cancer.
Maybe I'll be at your door soon!  Ask your doctor if  Cologuard is right for you.
 Covered by Medicare  and most major insurers.
GLAD YOU'RE BACK HOW YOU FEELING? (BOTH) EXHAUSTED.
BUT FINALLY BEING ABLE TO MAKE THAT VOLUNTEER TRIP HAPPEN WAS...
AWESOME.
AWESOME.
YOU HAVE TO SCRUB.
WHAT DO THEY...
THEY USE FOR WASHING.
LET'S DO IT EVERY YEAR.
WE'LL DO IT EVERY YEAR.
I THOUGHT YOU'D SAY THAT 
LET'S DO IT.
SEE HOW INVESTING WITH A J.P.
MORGAN ADVISOR CAN HELP YOU.
VISIT YOUR LOCAL CHASE BRANCH.
Great.
Another wireless ad.
So many of them are full of this complicated, tricky language about their network and offers and blah blah blah blah blah blah.
Look Sprint's gonna do things differently, and let you decide for yourself.
They're offering a new 100% Total Satisfaction Guarantee.
Try it out and see the savings.
If you don't love it, get your money back.
See? Simple.
Now Sprint's Unlimited Plan comes with one of the newest phones included for just $35 a month.
So switch now.
 [upbeat music]  [Music] [Music]  
I'm in Texas visiting  some old friends of mine.
 That's right, we're back  at Revival Cycles in Austin.
 [Music] [Music] Hey, Alan, hi, Stefan.
How are you guys? 
Great.
Welcome back.

Remember we were here last year? We had the wall of death.
[cheering] How do you not get dizzy?  These guys are bike obsessed,  from the oldest  of the old school  to the most  cutting-edge technology.
And what do you got over here? 
Well...
 
Today they've gotten ahold  of something brand-new,  and they're gonna  let me ride it! 
This is the 2017 Suzuki GSX-R1000.

Now, I've got the older version of this.
I think mine's a 2008.

Oh, man, the technology that they've added to this bike is just a landslide from the last generation.

See, when I bought my other one, Oh, it's unbelievable.
It's never gonna get better than this.
Oh, that old thing.
Well, we got the new update.
What does this have? 
They call it a base model, but it's still a extremely advanced motorcycle.
This has variable valve timing.
It's got ride-by-wire throttles.
It is unbelievable what this thing has.

Hold on.
The most important part, it has 200 horsepower.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, I mean, that's pretty amazing.

Yeah.

It's a faster machine.

And, of course, this is the base model, and then they got the R model.

The R model has picked up even further on the advancements from the base model.
They've really made this kind of unruly beast of a machine with so much raw power as docile as a kitten, so we're pretty convinced that we could take this to a racetrack and have you go at it for a track day.

Well, I've never actually been on a racetrack with bike.
You want to give it that shot? Is that something you're suggesting? 
Yeah, I think that's the whole idea.

Yeah, let's kill Jay.
Yeah, that's a good idea.

Let's kill Jay today.

Hey, cool.
 [rock music]  [Music] [Music]  The Circuit of the Americas,  or COTA, as it's called,  is a 20-turn  counterclockwise track  with a 133-foot  elevation change.
 In other words,  it is really challenging.
 So I called in  a professional,  one of the designers  of this track,  who happens to be a pretty  good motorcyclist himself.

Kevin.

Good job, guys.

Yeah, I am not worthy, first of all.
 Kevin Schwantz is  a motorcycle racing legend.
 This 1993 world champ has had  25 grand prix victories,  and the fact  that an amateur like me  is gonna share the track  with him  shows you just how stupid  television can be.

It's amazing what a great job Suzuki's done with this new bike.
It's been a while since they had a new GSX-R1000, but they definitely did their homework.
I just got back from the tough duty of being at Magello and riding these GSX-Rs up the front straightaway at 295 kilometers an hour as you make that last little rise, and it lifts the front wheel.

Yeah.

And that's when you know you're a man.

I was like, what.

Okay, well, that's not gonna happen today.

Not today, yeah.

No, that's not gonna happen today, Kevin.

So we're gonna start you off, Jay, on the standard model, finish you up on the R model, which hopefully we'll notice quite a difference in what you feel and what you notice about the motorcycle.

Yeah, I'm curious to see if I can tell the difference.
He can run over a dime and tell you whether it's head or tails.
I'm going, What's wrong with this bike? Oh, you got a flat tire.
Oh.

Oh, oh, yeah.

Yeah, I mean, that's...yeah.

All right, well, we're gonna time you on the base model.

Oh, don't time me.
It'll be-

We want to see what happens.

Does it go in hours? Really, guys? 
We won't tell you what it is.

Yeah.

We're just gonna time you, and then as you step up, we'll see the difference that it might make in your times.

Let's give it a shot.
[engines revving] Okay, I'm just trying to do what--what Kevin does.
 [dramatic music]  [Music] [Music] 
Let the bike run out just a bit wide, pulling it back nice and tight on the exit to set up for this tricky little downhill left-hander at turn seven.

Now, you see, he just falls into the corners.
Meanwhile, I'm going wide on every corner here.
Oh, man.
[chuckles] He is so far ahead of me.

Up on two minutes now.
I wonder what Jay's thinking right now.
Don't fall off.
Don't fall off.

Aah! Remember, you're never too old to fall down.
I mean, the acceleration and the pulling power of this thing is really good.
 You know, I still think  my 2008 is a great bike,  but this one is  a perfect example  of the next generation  being an improvement  in practically every way...
 and this is just  the base model.
 I can't even imagine  how the R model's gonna feel.
The amazing thing about these motorcycles is, you get Ferrari, Lamborghini, McLaren-type performance for literally pennies on the dollar.

Oh, hell yeah.

Hey, they're carrying pretty good speed.

[bleep] yeah.

So what was the time? 
We've got a base lap of 4:23.

Ooh.

You know, being right behind Kevin, I don't think I've ever focused on another man's rear end as much as I did.

You were working that joke up the whole time, weren't you? 
Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, this is an amazing machine.
Braking is unbelievable.
I'm used to riding older bikes where slowing is a suggestion as opposed to actual braking.

Let's up the ante a little bit.
Let's get you up to the next bike and go out there and see what you can do.
 [Music] [Music]  
So what makes this  a next generation model?  First off, they've added  a bunch of  advanced rider aides,  a launch control system  that gets you going faster,  a more sophisticated  front fork and rear shock,  and an IMU-influenced motion  track antilock brake system,  which is another way of saying  this bike will kind of  smooth out any dumb mistakes  that you make.
The more miles you put on this thing, the more confident you get.

Yeah, here they come.
3:32--that's, like, a 50-second difference.

A huge improvement.

Okay, man, I'm getting sick of watching them.
Let's go join them.
 [Music] [Music] 
You know, you get out on a track on a motorcycle and you realize how brave these guys are.
 [Music] [Music] Well, that's a lot of fun.
This makes, like, a bad rider okay, an okay rider pretty good, and a good rider probably excellent.

That's pretty incredible to ride a modern bike on a track for the first time.

Well, I wanted to wait till I was 67 before I did it.
I just wanted to have the maturity to go with it.

To be mature.

You were making sure that you enjoyed it.

Yeah, yeah, exactly.

Well, there was a big difference in your lap times between the standard bike and the R model.

Yeah? 
Something like 50 seconds, really--yeah.

Really? 
That's an eternity on the track.

You know, I did stop and get a burger.

Oh, that's why.

That might explain.
[laughter]  Coming up,  we go behind the bow tie...

There is a little chip out of the bottom of the spoiler here.

I thought I liked him.
 
And find out  how to appraise a car  that's practically brand-new.

If it were my car, it'd have more than 454 miles on it.

I don't like Donald anymore.

[laughs] So, you're open all day, every day.
That's what 24/7 means, sugar.
Kind of like how you get 24/7 access to licensed agents with GEICO.
Hmm? Yeah, you just go online, or give them a call anytime.
You don't say.
Yep.
Now what will it take to get 24/7 access to that lemon meringue pie? PIE! PIE'S COMING! That's what it takes, baby.
 GEICO®.
Great service  from licensed agents, 24/7.
AI unlocks the art of science.
When you open a bottle of beer, I don't think many people actually know the level of science that's filled into that bottle.
Back in time, it took Carlsberg several years to produce a new beer.
But using Microsoft Artificial Intelligence, we will be able to detect new flavors in a split second and develop better beers faster.
With AI, we redefine what's possible.
So cheers! When you book at Hilton.com, you get the Price Match Guarantee.
So if you find your room at a lower rate, Hilton is like...
We're gonna match that rate and give you an extra 25% off.
What would travel sites do if you found a different price? That's not my problem, it's your problem.
 Book at Hilton.com  and get the Hilton  Price Match Guarantee.
We switched.
I switched.
We switched.
I switched to Chevy.
I switched to Chevy.
We switched to Chevy.
We switched for value.
For family.
For power.
It was time to upgrade.
I switched from Ram to Chevy.
See why people are switching to Chevy.
We love our Chevy.
I love my Malibu.
My Colorado.
My Camaro.
My Traverse.
Why did we switch? Just look at it.
When you rent from National...
it's kind of like playing your own version of best ball.
Just look at it.
Because here, you can choose any car in the aisle, even if it's a better car class than the one you reserved.
So no matter what, you're guaranteed to have a perfect drive.
[LAUGHTER] (VO) Go National.
Go Like a Pro.
See what I did there?  [lively music] 
Buckle up, folks, it's time to assess and caress  with Donald Osborne.
 [Music] [Music]  
[Music] If you love  classic cars [Music] [Music] Then Donald loves you [Music] 
You all know Donald Osborne, our appraiser extraordinaire.
This episode, we want to learn about appraising a modern car.
What goes into that? This is a 2008 Dodge Viper ACR, correct? 
Yes, this is a car that is practically new, so what I'm looking for is, what exactly is the story that it's telling us? ACR stands for American Club Racer.
This is a Viper for the track.

Right, and this was, I think, the first year of the ACR, correct, 2008? 
It was the first year of the ACR, limited edition car, and cars like this, high-performance, late-model cars are frequently valued in the market by their mileage or lack thereof.

All right, well, let's bring the owner in.
His name is Jeff Dunham, a very funny comedian.
Jeff plays clubs and theaters all across the country.

How are you, Jay? Good to see you.
Donald, good to see you.

Hey, good to see you.

Did you buy this as a collector car? Did you buy it just as a fun car for the road? Did you buy it as a track car? What was your reason? 
It was all of the above, actually, and you don't know this, but working the Comedy Magic Club down in Hermosa Beach, you brought your '93 Viper there, and that's when I fell in love with Vipers.

Oh, that's right.
You were just four years old, as I remember.

That's right.

I remember picking up a young buy and the policeman saying, Put him down.
That was you.

That was me.

Yeah, yeah.

So, the Dodge Viper, the '94 was actually the first really nice car that I bought, and this thing came up for sale, and I'd never had an ACR and thought this sounded like a lot of fun.
This car's sticker price was 102,000, and I paid 85,000 for it.

You had the '94, and then you buy sort of a race version of your '94.

Right.

Do you notice a huge difference on the street? 
This is completely different.

Really? 
Because this isn't just an ACR.
This is the hardcore ACR, so this 80 pounds lighter than the coupe.
This thing is a monster all the time.

Well, the first thing I noticed, of course, as we discussed about low-mileage cars, this car has 454 miles on the odometer when I examined it.

454 miles? Is your wife still a virgin? 
[laughs] 
So, this is how I look at any car that I appraise.
You look at basic things.
For instance, you obviously start with the body.
The panel fit is actually very good.
The panel condition is excellent, and considering the way it's built, I'm very surprised that there's not more damage, but there is a little chip out of the bottom of the spoiler here, which I'm sure, Jeff, at some point, caught the edge of a driveway somewhere.

You know, this is why many appraisers are often beaten to death.

And those are called rub strips.
You're supposed to rub them.

Absolutely, they're actually designed to bolt in and bolt out very easily so you can replace those.

Now, if this was your car, would you replace it because of that little chip? 
Absolutely not.
In fact, if it were my car, it'd have more than 454 miles on it.
But the car has been used.
There's a small scratch here on the sill.
Someone getting in scraped their heel, and there's a slight-

Excuse me, excuse me.

Yeah, sir? 
Hold on a second.

Let the record show that that did not actually cover the scratch, and--but I noticed on the chassis there's some light road dust, as well as a dead moth on the radiator.

I thought-

You know, you are so screwed.

I thought I liked him.
I don't like Donald anymore.

But things like this are the challenges of appraising a basically new car because I am picking the tiniest of nits.

Right, couldn't you do this to the moth, really, and that would be pretty much the end of the problem? 
I'm not allowed to intervene.
I observe.

So if the car was on fire, you wouldn't pick up an extinguisher? 
I would make a note.

That's just-

Okay.

Oh, my lord.

Are you curious to hear his appraisal of this? 
Can I make a guess? 
You certainly can.

Yeah, go ahead.

I'm gonna guess that it's gonna go for about what I paid for it, 85,000, 90,000.

What do you think, Jay? 
It might go for 105,000.

Okay, so...
 
This and more after a brief  message from our sponsors.
 For more cool cars, go to  jaylenosgarage.cnbc.com.
Is that for me? Mhm Aaaah! Nooooo...
Nooooo...
Nooooo...
Quick, the Quicker Picker Upper!  Bounty picks up messes quicker  and is 2x more absorbent than  the leading ordinary brand.
 Bounty, the Quicker Picker  Upper.
 On a budget? Try Bounty  Essentials.
[Music] I'm tasting olives...
[Music] [Music] Roasted pine nuts...
[Music] [Music] Mmm this red pepper...
[Music] [Music] That's spicy stuff...
[Music] Fresh flavor.
Feel good food.
Sabra Hummus.
[Music] I just had Sabra Hummus and now I feel good! [Music]  After walking six miles at  an amusement park...
 Bill's back needed a  vacation from his vacation.
 So he stepped on the  Dr.
Scholl's kiosk.
 It recommends our best  Custom Fit Orthotic  to relieve foot, knee, or  lower back pain.
  So you can move more.
 Dr.
Scholl's.
 Born to move.
Don't tell your mother.
Dad, it's fine.
We have ALLSTATE.
 AND WITH CLAIMRATEGUARD  THEY WON'T RAISE YOUR RATES  JUST BECAUSE OF A CLAIM.
That's why you're my favorite...
 I KNOW.
 ARE YOU IN GOOD HANDS? With the Capital One Savor Card you earn 4% cash back on dining and 4% on entertainment.
So when you go out, you cash in.
What's In Your Wallet? At Hilton.com, I can choose from all their different hotel brands...
Like a DoubleTree for my cousins.
A Homewood Suites for my uncle.
A Hampton for my sister and her kids.
And the Waldorf Astoria Beverly Hills for me.
Can I get a..? Thank you.
 Book at Hilton.com  and get the Hilton  Price Match Guarantee.
Really? [horn honks] Man this is what I feel like when I wear regular shoes, cramped and uncomfortable.
We can arrange a little upgrade.
Which is why I wear Skechers...
Wide Fit shoes.
They have extra room throughout.
They're like a luxury ride for my feet.
Try Skechers Wide Fit shoes.
I have a vision correction number, But I'm more than a number.
When I'm not sharing ideas with my colleagues I'm defending my kingdom.
My Essilor lenses offer more than vision correction with three innovative technologies For my ultimate in vision Clarity And Protection Together in a single lens: The Essilor Ultimate Lens Package.
So, I can do more of what I love! Buy two pairs of Essilor's best lenses and get a $100 back instantly.
See more.
Do more.
Essilor  
And we're back  with Donald Osborne.

Here we have Jeff's 2008 Dodge Viper ACR.
Five years ago, interestingly enough, they sold for about $123,000 'cause people wanted them.

Right.

Wow.

Today, the same car sells for about 105,000.
However, because we are speaking specifically of this car with its 454 miles and owned by a car guy...

Right.

Provenance comes into effect.
This car would be $155,000.

Wow.

Donald, thank you.
I was really, really curious, so this was fun.

Thanks so much, Jeff, really loved looking at your car.

Thank you.

But let's take it for a ride.

All right.

Let's put a-

And you're driving? 
Let's put a quick 1,500 miles on there.
[laughter] You know, I was expecting, really, to be a noisy slam-bang car.
It's actually comfortable, plenty of room, plenty of power.

Well, this is a car guy's car.

Yeah.

And I think that's why guys that get them do appreciate them.

Jeff, I think you should take this car out and put 100,000 miles on it.
[both laughing] I got to get me one of these! Oh, I got one already!  So, is the next generation  the best generation?  Depends on who you ask.

If I tell you this is fun, I don't know what you're gonna put me on next.
 
The power of nostalgia  is real.
Bring back some memories when you step on that accelerator? 
Oh, that's lovely.
 
But one thing's for sure.
 The better the technology,  the safer we all are.
[groans] 
You okay, Jay?