hear. There's another thing: Edith inherits Gregson's publishing company. CLARKSON: <i> There is no drug,</i> no electric shock that will achieve what you want. If the clerk in York remembers selling me a return ticket to London... ...I'm a dead man. <i> Downton Abbey,</i> <i> tonight on</i> Masterpiece. <i> National funding for</i> <i> National funding for</i> Masterpiece<i> is provided by...</i> <i> Viking River Cruises,</i> <i> proud sponsor of</i> Masterpiece. LINNEY: Additional funding is provided by The Masterpiece Trust. And by others. A complete list is available from PBS. And by contributions to your PBS station from viewers like you. Thank you. Gracious, Mama. It's not like you to meet a train. My dear, I'm taking you straight to the house. We'll go back and change and return for dinner. Do we know what time she left yesterday? Well, no, not precisely. The rest of us were at the point-to-point. We heard when we got back. So what are we going to say now? I've been awake the whole night. There's only one thing we can say. We have to tell Cora. Well, isn't that rather a betrayal? If anything happens to Edith and Cora learns later we knew all along, she would never forgive us. And I wouldn't blame her. You see, as a mother, it is her right. But you don't plan to tell Robert? He is Edith's father. He's a man. Men don't have rights. They telephoned Lady Rosamund last night. She's on the way here now. It seems very hard they should have guests staying and more coming for dinner with this going on. I suppose they couldn't put them off without telling them why. It'll make for a funny evening. We still don't know anything. Well, we know she's in London. The station master said she bought a ticket for King's Cross. But where can she be hiding? It seems a terrific imposition for us to be here. Should we just leave? Why? We've got Dicky Merton, the Sinderbys and their son arriving at any minute. We could put them off. Please don't. They're looking forward to it awfully. You mean<i> you</i> are. I don't think we should. We have to give the impression that Edith has simply gone away to stay somewhere. How terribly worrying this is for you. I'm so sorry. Oh, why the song and dance? Edith's gone away, so what? We three should go for a walk and leave them to talk. Tony can be our guide. He must know the gardens pretty well by now. ROBERT: Can you shed any light? I've been racking my brains. VIOLET: Maybe we should take some air. I think we might emulate the others and let Cora show us the garden. I'm not sure what good that'll do. When I say we need some air, we need some air. Cora? CORA: If it's what you want. Mary, you can manage the children when they get here? Of course. There's a person downstairs, m'lady. A Mrs. Drewe from Yew Tree Farm. She's very anxious to see you. CORA: Oh, well... You'd better show her into my sitting room. I'm sorry, Mama. You go ahead without me. I can take you for a walk if you like. Why would I want to walk?! I'm going in to change. I'll sneak upstairs so I don't disturb them. See you at dinner. Not if I see you first. I don't understand. You're so well suited and you're much more relaxed with her than you are with Mary. Yes. You must admit it's odd. When Mary's trying to break it off and Mabel's dying for love of you. I know, but you see, I can't break it off with Mary. Not now. Why not? Well, I won't explain it, but suffice to say, it wouldn't be honorable. You are an old dear if you think I don't know what you're talking about. But isn't it up to Mary? It's not what she wants. Not really. Did she look like a woman today trying to rid herself of a suitor? You're muddling her instinct, which is to hold every man in thrall, and her wish, which is to break up. I'm not convinced. I wish you would be, for everyone's sake. Who was that letter from? Mr. Brook. He's got a new job in Salford, so he doesn't want to renew the lease. We need to find another tenant, damn it. Don't be ungrateful. I bless your mother every day for leaving us that house. When you have property, you have choices. So what should we do? After he's gone, let's ask for time off together, go down and see what condition he's left it in. Then we can plan. Why are you smiling? Because whenever I see a problem, you see only possibilities. May we come in? Of course. You've come back early. Yes. We rather wanted to catch you in private for a little chat. Before the evening begins. Very well. Thank you, Baxter. Did you both know? Mrs. Drewe told me Rosamund knew. You went to see the child with Edith. Yes. And you never thought to tell me that I have a third grandchild? Edith didn't want me to. I suppose this makes sense of that bewildering trip to Switzerland. Well, what else was I to do? She wouldn't get rid of it. Get rid of it? It was her idea. But she wouldn't go through with it in the end. And what did you know? Well, not quite as much. I knew why they were in Switzerland. I thought she'd left the baby there. That was the idea. Edith didn't stick to it. And you never thought to involve me, her own mother?! You, Rosamund, you looked at that little girl and you never thought it was my business, too?! W-well, we wanted to contain it, to make as little noise abroad as possible. So what changed? What tipped her over the edge and into running away? Well, I suppose we all knew Mr. Gregson was dead, but the confirmation must have been very upsetting. ROSAMUND: And Mrs. Drewe was being difficult. Clearly, the child couldn't stay there indefinitely. So we thought... What did you think? That it would be better and safer if the girl were sent abroad. To Switzerland again, I suppose? Switzerland. Or France. They have wonderful schools there that'll take a child almost from birth. Well, now we have it! Edith was told her child would be taken away. Are you going to say anything to Robert? No. I agree with one thing: the secret is not ours to tell. Somehow, we must find Edith, and we must hear from her what<i> she</i> wants. M'lady? I'm sorry to bother you. What is it, Mrs. Hughes? It may have slipped your mind, m'lady, but do you remember I gave you a train ticket when we came to London for Lady Rose's ball? It was a return ticket that I found in the pocket of Mr. Bates' overcoat? MARY: Of course I remember. MRS. HUGHES: I don't suppose you put it anywhere for safekeeping? Why? Because we were wrong. Far from proving that Mr. Bates went to London on the day Mr. Green died, it proved he didn't. He bought the ticket in York, but changed his mind, and that's why it was never given in. So it was proof of his innocence, not his guilt? That's about the size of it. I'm afraid I burnt it, Mrs. Hughes. Atticus! Hello. Lord and Lady Sinderby. Good evening, Rose. Oh, you know my cousin? Of course. We were in awe of your courage yesterday. Well, courage or foolhardiness. Come and see Mama and Papa. To be honest, we're in the middle of rather a drama, which I'll tell you about, but you mustn't let on. Our first secret. This is cold so it can go up now, but cover it 'til it's served. Shall we work on<i> Vanity Fair</i> when you're finished tonight? I don't know. Well, I'll ask you later. Lord Merton's arrived, so everyone's here. I'll announce it when you're ready. I will be by the time you say it. You're very glum. Am I? Oh, don't tell me your enthusiasm for learning is drying up. Maybe. Have you read the papers lately? I wish I had the time. Mr. MacDonald seems to limp from crisis to crisis. They were going to do so much when they came in. The first Labour government! And now, I doubt if they'll last the year. Don't take it personally. But I do. When I think about it, it seems to me that we're trapped, held fast in a system that gives us no value and no freedom. Oy, speak for yourself. I am... I do. And now I'm wondering, is it worth it, me trying to better myself? What's the point? That's it-
- they're coming in. Miss Baxter. I'm afraid you think I've got you both into trouble. I don't know what you mean. Yes, you do. I said I had no proof. I gave them nothing that would stand up. Why did you have to say anything? I was in a difficult position. So now you've put us in one. I'm very sorry. I am, truly. I have to clean some shoes. Are you enjoying Yorkshire? Well, first, we and Yorkshire have to get used to each other. But you haven't come up against too many impassable barriers? Lord Grantham, we both know what we're up against. Happily, we're used to it. Well, you won't have any trouble with us. Lady Grantham's father was Jewish. That isn't always a guarantee of tolerance, so it's a relief to hear you say it. Atticus seems to be very taken with your niece, and I must say... I find her quite charming. Does Lord Sinderby approve? Well, you know, he needs time to settle into things. Your mother never considered converting? I don't believe so. Was it difficult having a different religion from your father's? Not that I recall. But you're not ashamed of him? Lord Sinderby, I would point out that we never changed our name. Hmm. It was my grandfather's decision. I thought of changing it back, but the family felt they were English now, and they wanted to stay English. Have you decided at last whether you're leaving? At last is the right phrase. But I want to make sure I do the right thing. I don't want to disrupt Sybbie's life and then regret it. You know they all want you to stay? That only makes it more difficult. Lord Grantham was saying that Gregson left Lady Edith his publishing company. Yes, that's right. Then shouldn't someone telephone the office? Won't she go there? They must know where to find her. Of course. How clever you are. Am I? It seems rather obvious to me. ROSE: Your mother and Robert are hitting it off. She's not the problem. Oh? My father's the tough nut. My people are the other way round. My father's a darling and my mother's the nut. Then we shall crack them against each other. It's strange how some people get married and married, and we can't manage it once. Dogs barking and wrong trees spring to mind. Tony, I'm sorry if you feel I'm tracking you round the country, but I can't give up just yet. We could be so very happy if you'd let us. And I won't be if I don't? I remember my mother telling me that in the end, happiness is a matter of choice. Some people choose to be happy, and others select a course that leads only to frustration and disappointment. And I am one of the latter? I terribly hope not. For my sake. I have a little announcement. Are you sure? I am. You might like to know that Lord Merton and I have decided that we should get married. How lovely. Well, this calls for a toast. I give you Mrs. Crawley, or should I say the future Lady Merton? ALL: The future Lady Merton. The future Lady Merton. Naturally, it was the last thing I ever thought would happen. I forced her into it. He wooed me into it, and I'm terribly pleased he did. Well... What's the matter, Granny? Oh, nothing. Why should there be? I thought you looked rather bleak. I'm just worried about Edith. I can't think why. My dear, a lack of compassion can be as vulgar as an excess of tears. Ah, Daisy. Have you decided? Shall we discuss the vices of Miss Becky Sharp? I'm tired. I'm going up. Good night, Mrs. Patmore. What's that about? She had such hopes of the Labour government. She feels let down. But she mustn't give up. I don't recall you being this keen when Miss Bunting was teaching her. I wouldn't interfere with a professional, but now that she's gone, I'd like to help if I can. Sounds to me as if you've missed out on your vocation. Tell Daisy. Perhaps you can change her mind. She wouldn't listen to me. Well spotted. What about Mr. Mason? Funnily enough, Mr. Barrow might be right for once. How do we get him to speak to her? Let me think on it. CORA: I'm sorry if I seem distracted, but I'm truly so happy for both of you. I thought I'd give a dinner so she can meet my sons. Well, she has met Larry before. Let's hope she's forgotten. Why don't we do it here? We could invite Granny and everyone. You are my godfather and Isobel's the grandmother of my child. Oh, please let's. It seems only right, Mama. Of course, if you'd like. Well, that'd be very kind. A signing of the bond between our families. I wish we didn't know the anguish lurking behind this jolly evening. You love other people's secrets. Not these days. There are lots of things I don't want to know. Such as? I don't want to know what you see in Mary. I just want you back. I do admire you for saying that. I'd rather be happy than proud. I can't tell you why I can't leave Mary. But you'd understand if I did. Just promise me it's a struggle. More than you know. We must go, but it's been such fun. I hope you'll come to us next time. We should love it. I suppose now we just have to wait and see what happens. LORD SINDERBY: There's no need to hurry them into anything. They're both very young. Well, I would be delighted if something were to come of it. Good night, Lady Grantham, Lady Rosamund. The door, please, Molesley. I'm afraid your plan of getting Mabel here hasn't worked. I disagree. They're so easy in each other's company. Anyone can see it. But he won't let me go. Because you refuse to make it clear that you want him to. Just as he's moving off, you tug his strings. Send a clear message, and he'll go. I promise. What is that message? We'll think of something. Atticus says the London office of the magazine must know how to get in touch with Edith. I thought we weren't going to tell anyone. He's not anyone, is he? Of course not. We could ring them tomorrow, but maybe I should just go there. Mr. Aldridge is leaving. Oh. I'll train up in the morning. I'm coming with you. I'm not going. But I'll have a horrible day worrying. Trust me. How can you imagine I'll ever trust you again? She doesn't mean it, Mama. On the contrary, it's the most honest thing she's ever said to me. ANNA: <i> Here you are.</i> Thank you. Is our life over-complicated? In what way? Mrs. Patmore is buying a house up here. Why don't we sell the London house and do the same? We could rent it out as long as we want to work at Downton. And then live in it when we retire? We had a dream once of a small hotel in the area. And a London house, even a little one, would buy something substantial up here. I hate to say his name, but do you feel the whole business of Mr. Green might be over? For us, I mean. Well, they seem to have accepted the fact that I spent the day in York, and Miss Baxter has given them nothing new to go on. So we can dare to plan our future again? Like normal people? Does that mean what I hope it means? Mr. Bates, I thought you'd decided to believe me when I said that device was Lady Mary's? I do believe you. I don't know why she wanted it, but I believe you. Well, then. You don't suppose there's anything wrong with us, do you? No. I think it takes some people longer than others. That's all. What would I do without you? Did they get away? Just about. The train was late, thank heaven. And it isn't going to be Tony? I don't think so. Nor Charles? He decided that before I did. Well, well. I don't suppose your ancient father's opinion on these matters carries much weight? Afraid not, and I've just remembered I said I'd go and see Granny. So, I don't think Tony is going to be my next son-in-law. I don't believe he is. Pity. I would have been so pleased, but there we are. You're really not yourself, are you, old girl? What about you? We don't want you to be on your own forever, you know. Just to pick someone who shares the family's values. Someone who feels friendly towards us. It's not the same thing. No, you're right. And I don't blame you for the departure of Miss Bunting. I didn't want to spend my life in a bare knuckle fight. But something's changed. I feel it. I may as well tell you: I've written to my cousin in Boston. He's done well there, and I'd like his advice. I see. I apologize if my bad manners have brought this on. No need to apologize. I am what I am and you are what you are. And never the twain shall meet? I wouldn't say that. I do love you all, you know. It'll be hard to go. On both sides. RECEPTIONIST: But we have no way of knowing if Lady Edith will come in today. It's already tea time, and we close the office at 6:00. Then we'll wait until 6:00. And we'll come back in the morning, and every day until she either turns up or contacts you with her whereabouts. It wouldn't be enough to give her a message that you want to see her? CORA: No, it would not be enough. You've told her, haven't you? You've broken your word. No, I... Mrs. Drewe came to the house. What did she want? She felt you had used her badly. I confess it was a feeling we shared. I'm not coming back, you know. Let's not talk about it here. Come to me for dinner. No. Very well, then. We'll discuss it now in front of your new employees and give them something to chew on. There is a tea room at the end of the street. How are you, Spratt? Well, I hope. Everyone has their troubles, m'lady. Oh, dear. Spratt has been helping to train my new maid, Denker. I'd say she takes after the dachshund, m'lady. In what way? She's quite untrainable. Spratt. Will there be anything else, your ladyship? Sounds like trouble to me. Are you certain Denker's worth it? Oh, you must put dinner on Friday into your diary. That's when Dicky Merton's coming with his sons. Yes, I wonder if it is a good idea. Isobel's got to meet them sometime. And Larry won't make trouble for Tom again. Not with Sybil dead. Let us hope not. Granny, I know why you're finding this difficult. Do you? Yes. But you mustn't give in to it. Give in to what? Isobel's always been your protégé. She looks up to you, and you have kept her from harm in return. Have I? Yes, so of course it's difficult that she is to take her place among the leaders of the county. Oh, why? Why is it difficult? You needn't pretend. Your positions have changed. You, the widow in the Dower House. Isobel, a great lady presiding over a great house. But you simply have to be bigger than that. Is that what you think of me? That I care about her change of rank? Well, you're not exactly pleased, are you? No. But that is not the reason. Then what is? Well, if you must know... I've got used to having a companion. A friend. You know, someone to talk things over with. Well, you'll still have us. You have your own lives, and so you should. But Isobel and I had a lot in common, and... I shall miss that. Granny, you're quite dewy-eyed. I never think of you as sentimental. Nor am I. You've made me regret my confidence. Do have some cake. And for your information, I don't think Isobel has ever looked up to me. Now, we'll drop the sticks in together, when I say. Ready? Go! Where are they? There it is! It's me, it's me! Now make a wish. Darling, you know Aunt Edith has gone to London? Yes. Only I was thinking. And I wonder, what if we were to leave here and to go and live in a place far away across the sea? What would you say? Why? Well, because... It might be better for us to start a new life there. Why? Because... Because I hope to God I'm doing the right thing. That's the stable clock. We better get back. I've got an idea and I've told Mrs. Hughes, but I want you to know it. I could swear the train ticket hadn't been used. I<i> would</i> swear it. What? I saw the ticket in Mrs. Hughes's hand when she found it in the coat. It hadn't been torn in half. It was whole. I saw it. Did you indeed? Things have moved on, Miss Baxter. They know Mr. Bates was in York on that day. I just wanted to be helpful. We know how you like to be helpful, Miss Baxter. By talking to the police about us. Excuse me. I couldn't help overhearing. Miss Baxter won't say it, but she's in a difficult position. On the contrary. Miss Baxter keeps saying it. She says nothing else. Mr. Molesley, can you remove the baize from the tables, please? I'm ready to go up. I'll come with you. Ignore them. I can't. I feel sorry for them. Then tell them why you had to talk to the police. I'd feel ashamed. You're in luck. I'm only just back. Now, listen carefully. Today I learned I've been posted on a trade delegation to Poland. Oh, some people have all the fun. Mmm. I'll be gone for months. What a shame. Does that mean our plot goes west? Not necessarily. I want you to come up to London tomorrow. I've some things I can't get out of in the morning. <i> That doesn't matter.</i> I just need you from about 7:00 on. What for? Mabel's given me an idea for how to settle it <i> once and for all.</i> Just be here. What sort of clothes? Rags. We're going to the Kinema. Ring me when you get to London. Your wish is my command. Bye. I'm worried about Isis. Why? What's the matter with her? ROBERT: She's not looking too clever. Did you manage to get hold of Mr. Stapeley? I spoke to his wife, my lord. He's away until Friday. Do you want me to try to find someone else? No, no. I'll take her down there myself on Friday afternoon. Has the gong been rung yet? Just. Why do we bother to change? It's you, me, Mary and Tom. Don't let Aunt Violet hear you. Where have you been? I went to have tea with Atticus. We met halfway, in Ripon. It's getting quite serious, then? Fingers crossed. But darling, you don't want to rush into anything. Oh, but I do. I want to rush in like billy-o. Rose, it's a big thing you're contemplating. Bigger still because of the circumstances. You sound like Lord Sinderby. I could see he wasn't very keen. He doesn't want Atticus to marry out of the faith. He minds. Why shouldn't he mind? He's a very important figure in that community. But you're not against it, are you? Of course not. Still, I think you ought to write to your parents. Oh, Daddy won't try and stop me. No, I don't believe he will. And Mummy hates everyone, so what's the difference? Even so, it's best not to pretend that it'll be plain sailing. No second cups, I'm afraid. They shut in a minute. We were just discussing Mrs. Drewe, whether or not she blabbed to anyone else. She says not. She felt I was different because I'm your mother. I ought to know I have another grandchild, and I agree with her. Where is Marigold now? The hotel arranges a babysitter when you need one. May I see her? I don't think so. Not tonight. ROSAMUND: So what are you going to do? I was toying for a while with the idea of going to America. Oh, don't be ridiculous. Why is that ridiculous? She's half American, isn't she? I thought I'd drop my title and invent a dead husband. Then I'd be Mrs. Thing in Detroit or Chicago, where I wouldn't run into anyone I knew. So is that your plan? I don't want the magazine business to fall into ruin. How could I keep an eye on it overseas? And I would like Marigold to grow up English. Then what is the alternative? An invented dead husband here? I'd never get away with it in London. I thought I'd make her my orphaned godchild. Well, I have a different plan. I'd like you to bring her home. No. I won't be the County Failure. Poor demented Lady Edith, who lost her virtue and her reason. Just listen to my plan. The Drewes would reach a reluctant conclusion that they can't afford to raise their friend's child. You've grown so fond of the girl, you ask if she might join the others in the Downton nursery. Well, the Drewe plan was mad enough, but this is completely ludicrous. How could it possibly work? Papa must never know the truth. I've thought about it, I don't agree. While it would take time for him to get used to the idea, I believe he would make it. No, he'd never look at me in the same way again. Very well. If that's how you feel, he doesn't have to know. Nor Mary. I couldn't have Mary queening it over me. No one has to know who doesn't know already. Your grandmother, Rosamund, you and me. Everyone else will be told the story. And how would we execute this insanity? A farmer's foster child turns up in the Downton nursery? People adopt babies all the time from all kinds of backgrounds. So you're going to try and do this? I'll telephone Mr. Drewe tonight when we get back to Belgrave Square and I'll ask for his help. And what about his wife? Let him manage her. Edith and I will go home tomorrow. I'll ask Mr. Drewe to meet the train and take Marigold. Then we'll discuss the Drewes' situation with the family, and at last, Edith will fetch the girl and bring her back to the house in broad daylight. Time to call it a day, ladies. I couldn't agree more. And one for you, Mr. Molesley. Oh! I'm going up with Lady Mary this afternoon, but only for the night. You didn't have much warning. ANNA: I know, but something's come up. I suppose there's no point in you looking in at the house. Not this time. Leave it 'til Mr. Brook's left and we can both go. Oh, it's an invitation from Mr. Mason. What, my Mr. Mason? Your Mr. Mason. He wants you and me to come to the farm tomorrow for luncheon, if we can get the time off. Why don't you go with them? I'm sure her ladyship wouldn't mind. What's it to you? Well, you did me a good turn when I'd done you a bad one. So I think you deserve a treat. He's right, it would do you good. But I've not been asked. Mr. Mason would be glad to see you, but would Mr. Carson let us go? Oh, I think he will if you allow me to handle it. He won't like it when we've got a big dinner on. Well, just let me tell him. After all, I'm the one with the extra work. And would Miss Baxter be able to come with us? As Mr. Barrow says. Well, I don't see why not as long as you're back in time. You could go early. I still don't understand why he'd write to Mr. Molesley. Well, I might have mentioned that he's been helping you with your books. You know I write to him now and then. Can you see him? Not yet. CORA: Oh, my God. There's Mary. What? CORA: There's Mr. Drewe. What should we do? Leave it to me. Mr. Drewe. Can you help my mother with her suitcases? My sister Mary is on the platform. Go to the next station and come back. I'll cover the cost. Hello, come on, you. That's it. Come on, darling, it's just a game. So! You found her. I did. I don't know what the fuss was about. I just thought I'd like a day or two in London. I knew it. I said that's all it was. What a nonsense they made! CORA: Why are you here? I'm catching the fast train to London. It's due any minute. When will you be back? I'm not sure. Tomorrow, I think. Don't forget the dinner on Friday. We have a duty to protect Isobel from Larry Grey. I don't think he'll try anything, do you? Well, have a lovely time. I'm sure I will. That was close. Have I met your younger son? I remember the elder one. I should think you do after his outburst the last time, but Larry was fond of Sybil and not about to welcome the man who'd won her. Oh, let us hope the years since have made him more forgiving. I'm looking forward to it, and I think we should make no reference to the earlier meeting. How lucky I am in you. I know it every time you speak. Flatterer. I should be going. I'll see you on Friday. I can't wait. Thank you so much for my lovely tea. Not a bit. Spratt will see you out. Spratt still looks rather down in the mouth. I'm afraid the battles with Denker are far from resolved. It's good to have a moment alone to say how much I appreciate your kindness to Dicky. I know you don't approve, which makes you all the more generous. Thank you. Well, it's too late to stop it. How is Prince Kuragin? I haven't heard from him lately. Why? Well, I was just wondering how you were going to manage when the Princess finally arrives. Will you receive her here? Well, I'm not sure. Since Shrimpie hasn't found her yet, I've got time to plan. Ah. Oh! What is it now, Spratt? I'm sorry to bother your ladyship, especially when you have company. I'm afraid I must hand in my notice. I have suffered as much as anyone can expect to suffer in the course of their duties. I can take no more, m'lady. I can take no more. Typical Spratt. He's as touchy as a beauty losing her looks. You don't think he meant it? Well, if he did, he'd have given his notice quietly for a good reference in return. No, no, it is simply a demonstration of discontent. So you'll forgive his outburst? Anything rather than find a new butler. MARY: Why did we have to rush out? Now come and stand here. I still don't understand. You will. Do exactly as I tell you and you will. Kiss me. What? Kiss me. Now. Mary? What are you doing here? So what did you think of the film? There was no need to stage a tableau. If you'd just told me I was allowed to walk away, then I'd have gone. Without any silly games. But I did tell you, often, and you didn't go. Well, I'm going now. I know, and I wish you both such happiness, Tony, I really do. I don't want to hurry anyone, but can we bring this to an end? I've had quite enough sentiment from John Barrymore and I'm starving. Good-bye, Mary. And good luck to you. Well, I'm glad to have engineered a resolution, even if I should have thought of it long ago. He said we didn't need to do it, but I know we did. It's funny. I feel quite sad in a way. But not sad enough to change my mind. She's nice, you know. She'll suit him very well. Good, I'm glad. So, what now? Shall we find ourselves some dinner, too? Let's. We'll toast the fun we've had and whatever the future may bring us. When are you off to Poland? I catch the boat train on Monday. So I'm scrambling around, trying to get everything done. When are you back? Not for months, or even a year. You'll be married by then. There. You all finished? How lovely, Daisy, to have such a beautiful place to come to. Oh, she's always welcome, is Daisy. I've not been here enough lately. You've been busy, I know, with your books. That takes up time. I think I'll stop it now, so I'll be able to visit more. Do you think she's right to give up her studies, Mr. Mason? I do not! Don't you want to see more of me? You know I do. But education is power. Don't forget that. There's no limit to what you can achieve if you'll just give a year or two to mastering those books. I agree, Mr. Mason. There are millions out there who could have done so much, if they'd only been given an education. I'm one of them. I could have made something worthwhile of my life, if I'd had the chance. Don't talk as if your life were not worthwhile, when I know it is. DAISY: But I think the system's slanted against us, that the men in charge will always be the men in charge. How can you say that with a Labour government in power? I doubt they'll last the year. Well, next time when they're elected, it'll be for longer, and soon, a Labour government might seem quite ordinary. Do you think I should stick at it? I do. And now we ought to think about getting you back to the bus. Let me take these. No, no, Daisy and I are your hosts. Thank you. Well, thank you. He's made a daughter out of his widowed daughter-in-law. I like it when good things come from bad. Have you thought of explaining to Mr. Bates why you had to speak out? He'd understand if anyone would. He's troubles enough without burdening him with mine. We should go. We must be back in good time for Mrs. Crawley's dinner. Mr. Carson says there was trouble the last time Lord Merton's elder son came to Downton. Why? What happened? Alfred told me if Mr. Branson hadn't been too drunk to stand, we'd have had fisticuffs on the table. Hey! And here's me thinking life in a great house must be dull work. Walk on. MARY: Do Mr. and Mrs. Drewe really want you to take her? Or is it just a way of keeping her here until they have her back? I don't think so. They simply can't afford another child. And there aren't any prior claims? Apparently not. That's why they took her in the first place. What did he say? Is she carrying puppies? Because I don't see how that could have happened. No, it's not that. She's got cancer, poor old thing. CORA: Oh, no! Oh, how I hate that word. He said it won't take long now. He offered to put her down there and then, but I... I couldn't quite let him. MARY: Oh, Papa. I am so, so sorry. Of course we're stupid to mind so much. She probably doesn't even know who I am beyond the hand that feeds her. But even so... CORA: We'll keep her right here. This is her spot. She'll know she's back at home. I suppose we can't stop this ghastly dinner tonight? I don't see how. Dicky's sons have come from London. And Atticus was on the same train. No, of course we can't put it off. I wasn't thinking. Why don't we say that you're ill? I could watch her. I don't have to go to the dinner. I think you do. To lay the ghost of the last time Larry Grey was here. I asked them to bring them down early. SYBBIE: Hello, Daddy. Come to Mama, darling. Hello, my darling. So, how should I answer? What's this about? The child at the Drewes' house. It seems idiotic to me. MARY: And me. What about if you want to start a family of your own? But I dote on her. If they send her to some horrid orphanage, I'd never forgive myself. But can't you just give them some money so they can keep her? I think... Mrs. Drewe finds it too much. It isn't only the money. That seems a bit feeble. Does it? Looking at these two? So should I take her? Papa? I leave it to your mother. Well, I believe we should offer little Marigold a home here. Do you really, darling? Well, then I suppose that's settled. Have all the guests arrived? I think so. Oh, I should tell Mrs. Patmore that it won't be long now. Lady Mary was saying Lady Edith's going to adopt that little girl the Drewes had taken in. Well, I don't know if she'll adopt her, but she's bringing her here to live. Is she now? What are these? Oh, Mr. Carson's got a notion he and I might buy a place as an investment and maybe run it as a guest house or rent it out. How strange. Mr. Bates was talking about doing something similar. I suppose we're all beginning to think of a different future, whether we want to or not. Mr. Drewe was on the platform the other day, when Lady Mary and I were waiting for the London train. Oh, yes? Then her ladyship and Lady Edith arrived and he got into their carriage. He helped lift their bags out, but then he just stayed there. In First Class? Oh! That'll have cost him a pretty penny. When the train moved off, I thought for a moment he had a child on his lap. I may have been wrong... Anna. You shouldn't involve yourself in any speculation of that sort. The child is safe and the child is loved, and that's all we need to be sure of. ISOBEL: I've been hearing about Edith's plan. How marvelous of her. If you ask me, it's absolutely crackers. But Cora seems pleased. What idea is this? Edith has taken in a motherless child and is giving her a home here. I should have thought an orphan rather an uncomfortable piece of baggage for an unmarried woman. ISOBEL: You mean a man might not want to take the child on? Well, I wouldn't. Rose, have you written to your mother about Mr. Aldridge? I have now. And will she approve? Don't be disappointing, Aunt Violet, please. I promise you, we both know a difference in religion is a big thing. Quite right. How would you bring up any children, for example? Children? When did this happen? I'm talking hypothetically. The fact is, most marriages that fail founder for precisely this kind of reason. An irreconcilable difference. Or maybe they just don't get on. TIM: I'd agree with Larry. It's usually more than that. LARRY: Oh, it might be different beliefs or different nationalities or a huge age gap. In the end, they cannot see eye to eye. I don't see what you're getting at. You mean to marry Mrs. Crawley here. She seems very nice, and I wish you both every happiness. Thank you. But that doesn't prevent me from seeing that the wide disparity in class and background may prove your undoing. What did you say? Only that Mrs. Crawley, a decent, middle-class woman with neither birth nor fortune, is expecting to fill our mother's shoes as one of the leaders of the county. Is she capable of it? Or will her inevitable failure prove a source of misery to them both? ROBERT: You know Mrs. Crawley's late son was my heir? What does that prove? Everyone has distant cousins who are fairly odd. How dare you! Will you go, Larry? I had to make excuses for your rudeness the last time you sat at this table. It is tiring to think I shall be called upon to do so again. I know the choice of in-laws is eccentric in this family. You already boast a chauffeur and soon you can claim a Jew, but even so... Why don't you just get out, you bastard! VIOLET: And suddenly we've slipped into a foreign tongue. Well. If that is how you feel. I do not endorse Tom's language but that is certainly how we all feel. Then, Lady Grantham, good-bye. And thank you for a delightful evening. What did you imagine? That we would welcome you with open arms? He actually called him that? He did, right to his face! Mr. Molesley, please. I think he was right to say it. He may have been right, but I will not have bad language in front of the maids. I feel very sorry for Mrs. Crawley. Why should she be humiliated? They're leaving early. And no wonder. Mr. Molesley, why are you down here? Not gossiping, I hope? Oh, no, no, Mr. Carson, no. Golly, what an evening. We won't forget it in a hurry. Let us remember it for two reasons. One bad, one good. Oh, what's the good one? Well, I hope it is good. I'm listening. See, the thing is, it occurs to me that we're already having to defend ourselves. Yes. So let's have a real reason to. That is, if you feel equal to it. I'm not going to give you an answer until you say it properly. Do I have to kneel down? Of course! But you don't have to stay kneeling for very long. Rose. Darling Rose. Will you marry me? You can get up now. Well, go on. We ought to be serious. The truth is that we haven't known each other very long, and they're right that there are bound to be problems. But the way I see it, we both know we're going to get married in the end. We know we're right together. Yes, I suppose we do. That's all I need to hear. I'll telephone tomorrow and we'll settle who tells what to whom and when. Oh, darling! I'm going to wait in the car. Take as long as you like. We will laugh about this one day. The sooner, the better. Good night. Good night. Tell me it won't change your mind. I can't talk about this tonight, nor for some time to come. And I think Rose and her young man will take up every scrap of attention we have for weddings. Please don't say that. Papa! Larry's been sitting in the car since he left the dining room. I'm just coming. I'll say goodnight, Mrs. Crawley. Good night. Don't blame Larry. He was close to his mother and hates the thought of a replacement. They both do. You don't need to remind me. The boys take after their mother in every possible way. I'm going to sleep in the dressing room tonight. I'm not cross, I just want to have her with me. Stay here. The thing is, I'm pretty sure she won't last 'til morning and I don't want her to be frightened. Then lay her here between us, and she'll know she has someone who loves her very much next to her. Two people who love her, and each other, very much on either side. I only hope I can say the same when my time comes. <i> National funding for</i> Masterpiece<i> is provided by...</i> <i> Viking River Cruises,</i> <i> proud sponsor of</i> Masterpiece. LINNEY: Additional funding is provided by The Masterpiece Trust. And by others. A complete list is available from PBS. And by contributions to your PBS station from viewers like you. Thank you. Visit us at pbs.org/masterpiece to watch video and explore features, and follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Season 5 of Downton Abbey is available on Blu-ray and DVD. The companion book,<i> A Year</i> <i> in the Life of Downton Abbey,</i> is also available. To order, visit shopPBS.org or call 1-800-PLAY-PBS. Captioned by <font color=#00ffff> Media Access Group at WGBH</font> access.wgbh.org MASTERPIECE ONLY ON PBS [Glasses clink] Narrator: Tucked away up Connecticut Avenue sits Bistrot du Coin. An energetic crowd has gathered, enjoying French classics like steamed mussels and steak frites. Woman: We love the food. We love the atmosphere. We love the environment. It's just... It's just a fantastic place. The drinks are good. The lights are low. [Sizzling] Man: It's not sophisticated food, but it's nice, hearty food. This is the thing I would have at home. Bon appetit. It's a typical French bistro, but with a different ambiance. It's French, fun, and friendly. That's our model. Woman: The food is really the best food in town, and it's a busy, warm environment. Joe Dassin: [Music] Je m'baladais sur l'avenue [Music] [Music] Le coeur ouvert à l'inconnu, j'avais... [Music] Man: This is probably the best place in D.C. where you can find great wines at a fairly cheap price, which is unusual. Narrator: But it's the steamed mussels that keep customers coming back. The Bistrot's secret? You have to start with a great quality of mussel. We get delivery every day. Because of the volume we go through, nothing stays. [People talking loudly; music playing] Narrator: 3 times a year, the Bistrot kicks into overdrive, throws a party you won't soon forget. Tonight, when the clock strikes midnight, this year's vintage of Beaujolais Nouveau wine can officially be uncorked. [Music playing] Singer: [Music] ...in the street [Music] Felix: Tonight, we celebrate the new one of the year, and it's a crazy party. It's more like a tradition that we give back to our customer. All year long, they come and support us, and with Beaujolais Nouveau, we go crazy. So, we give away a lot of bottle. I cannot tell how much, but it's a lot. And then we put everybody on UBER! [Music continues] Narrator: To learn more about Neighborhood Eats, visit WETA.org. Narrator: To learn more about Neighborhood Eats, LAURA LINNEY: This is Masterpieiece. I desire to leave your service, ma'am. LINNEY: Previously on Victoria. SOPHIE: The man Joseph.